Open Group Standard

<span id="pgfId-1009981" class="anchor"><span id="17088"
class="anchor"><span id="Document_Title"
class="anchor"></span></span></span>Technology Base Reference Models for
Open Platform 3.0™

<span id="pgfId-1003470" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1003474"
class="anchor"></span></span>![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="240"
height="58"}

<span id="pgfId-1012340" class="anchor"></span>

**The Open Group Confidential. Unapproved Draft. Subject to change.**\
<span id="pgfId-1012350" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1012351"
class="anchor"></span></span>

Copyright © 2016, The Open Group

The Open Group hereby authorizes you to use this document for any
purpose, PROVIDED THAT any copy of this document, or any part thereof,
which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices
contained herein.

This document may contain other proprietary notices and copyright
information.

Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by
implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any
patent or trademark of The Open Group or any third party. Except as
expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as
conferring any license or right under any copyright of The Open Group.

Note that any product, process, or technology in this document may be
the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by The Open
Group, and may not be licensed hereunder.

This document is provided “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of
implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.

Any publication of The Open Group may include technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to these
publications; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of
these publications. The Open Group may make improvements and/or changes
in the products and/or the programs described in these publications at
any time without notice.

Should any viewer of this document respond with information including
feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like
regarding the content of this document, such information shall be deemed
to be non-confidential and The Open Group shall have no obligation of
any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to
reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute the information to others
without limitation. Further, The Open Group shall be free to use any
ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such information
for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing,
manufacturing, and marketing products incorporating such information.

If you did not obtain this copy through The Open Group, it may not be
the latest version. For your convenience, the latest version of this
publication may be downloaded at www.opengroup.org/bookstore.

<span id="pgfId-1012364" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1012365"
class="anchor"></span></span>

<span id="pgfId-1018478" class="anchor"></span>Open Group Standard

<span id="pgfId-1018482" class="anchor"></span>**Technology Base
Reference Models for Open Platform 3.0™**

<span id="pgfId-1018486" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1012385"
class="anchor"></span></span>ISBN:

Document Number:

<span id="pgfId-1012396" class="anchor"></span>

<span id="pgfId-1012397" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1012398"
class="anchor"></span></span>Published by The Open Group, &lt;Month&gt;
2016.

<span id="pgfId-1012406" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1012412"
class="anchor"></span></span>Comments relating to the material contained
in this document may be submitted to:

> <span id="pgfId-1012413" class="anchor"></span>The Open Group, Apex
> Plaza, Forbury Road, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 1AX, United Kingdom

or by electronic mail to:

> ogspecs@opengroup.org

<span id="pgfId-916404" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-916445"
class="anchor"></span></span>Contents

[1 Introduction 2](#introduction)

[1.1 Objective 2](#objective)

[1.2 Overview 2](#overview)

[1.3 Conformance 2](#conformance)

[1.4 Normative References 2](#_Toc387150602)

[1.5 Terminology 2](#terminology)

[1.6 Future Directions 2](#_Toc387150604)

[2 Definitions 2](#definitions)

[2.1 Term 2](#_Toc387150606)

[3 Sample Heading at Level 1 2](#_Toc387150607)

[3.1 Sample Heading at Level 2 2](#_Toc387150608)

[3.1.1 Sample Heading at Level 3 2](#_Toc387150609)

[A Sample Appendix Heading at Level 1 2](#_Toc387150610)

[A.1 Sample Appendix Heading at Level 2 2](#_Toc387150611)

[A.1.1 Sample Appendix Heading at Level 3 Phase 2](#_Toc387150612)

[B Rationale (Informative) 2](#_Toc387150613)

[B.1 Rationale for Chapter 1 2](#_Toc387150614)

[C Sample Appendix Heading at Level 1 2](#_Toc387150615)

[C.1 Sample Appendix Heading at Level 2 2](#_Toc387150616)

<span id="pgfId-1011280" class="anchor"></span>Preface

<span id="pgfId-1005218" class="anchor"></span>The Open Group

The Open Group is a global consortium that enables the achievement of
business objectives through IT standards. With more than 500 member
organizations, The Open Group has a diverse membership that spans all
sectors of the IT community – customers, systems and solutions
suppliers, tool vendors, integrators, and consultants, as well as
academics and researchers – to:

-   Capture, understand, and address current and emerging requirements,
    establish policies, and share best practices

-   Facilitate interoperability, develop consensus, and evolve and
    integrate specifications and open source technologies

-   Offer a comprehensive set of services to enhance the operational
    efficiency of consortia

-   Operate the industry’s premier certification service

Further information on The Open Group is available at
[www.opengroup.org](http://www.opengroup.org/).

The Open Group publishes a wide range of technical documentation, most
of which is focused on development of Open Group Standards and Guides,
but which also includes white papers, technical studies, certification
and testing documentation, and business titles. Full details and a
catalog are available at
[www.opengroup.org/bookstore](http://www.opengroup.org/bookstore).

Readers should note that updates – in the form of Corrigenda – may apply
to any publication. This information is published at
[www.opengroup.org/corrigenda](http://www.opengroup.org/corrigenda).

This Document

<span id="pgfId-1016152" class="anchor"></span>This document is The Open
Group Standard for Technology Base Reference Models for Open Platform
3.0™. It has been developed and approved by The Open Group. It specifies
basic architecture models in which platforms interact with each other
and with other system components.

Trademarks

ArchiMate^®^, DirecNet^®^, Making Standards Work^®^, OpenPegasus^®^, The
Open Group^®^, TOGAF^®^, UNIX^®^, UNIXWARE^®^, X/Open^®^, and the Open
Brand X^®^ logo are registered trademarks and Boundaryless Information
Flow™, Build with Integrity Buy with Confidence™, Dependability Through
Assuredness™, FACE™, the FACE™ logo, IT4IT™, the IT4IT™ logo, O-DEF™,
Open FAIR™, Open Platform 3.0™, Open Trusted Technology Provider™,
Platform 3.0™, the Open O™ logo, and The Open Group Certification logo
(Open O and check™) are trademarks of The Open Group.

Microsoft^®^ is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the
United States and/or other countries.

All other brands, company, and product names are used for identification
purposes only and may be trademarks that are the sole property of their
respective owners.

<span id="pgfId-1012338" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1017135"
class="anchor"></span></span>Acknowledgements

<span id="pgfId-1017210" class="anchor"></span>The Open Group gratefully
acknowledges the contribution of the following people in the development
of this document:

-   

<span id="pgfId-1017158" class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-1018548"
class="anchor"><span id="pgfId-999220" class="anchor"><span
id="pgfId-1000001" class="anchor"></span></span></span></span>Referenced
Documents

<span id="pgfId-1007025" class="anchor"></span>The following documents
are referenced in this Open Group Standard.

(Please note that the links below are good at the time of writing but
cannot be guaranteed for the future.)

Normative References

-   <span id="pgfId-1007026" class="anchor"></span>ArchiMate®
    3.0 Specification. The Open Group. Refer to
    <https://www2.opengroup.org/ogsys/catalog/C162>

Informative References

-   ArchiMate® 2.0 – Understanding the Basics. The Open Group. Refer to
    <https://www2.opengroup.org/ogsys/catalog/W130>

-   NIST SP 800-145: NIST Definition of Cloud Computing. Refer to:
    <http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-145/SP800-145.pdf>

-   The Open Group Cloud Ecosystem Reference Model, Open Group Standard,
    C14I, January 2014. The Open Group. Refer to:
    [www.opengroup.org/bookstore/catalog/c14i.htm](http://www.opengroup.org/bookstore/catalog/c14i.htm)

-   TOGAF® Version 9.1. The Open Group. Refer to
    <https://www2.opengroup.org/ogsys/catalog/G116>

Introduction
============

Objective
---------

The objective of this Open Group standard is to assist enterprise and IT
architects by specifying basic architecture models in which platforms
interact with each other and with other system components, and to assist
digital platform vendors to produce interoperable platforms.

Overview
--------

When developing a technology architecture, for example in Phase D of
TOGAF®, an architecture team creates a description of the structure and
interaction of platform services, and logical and physical technology
components. Where the architecture uses digital technologies such as
cloud computing, mobile computing, social computing, big data analysis,
and the Internet of things, the platform services are often implemented
by products incorporating digital platforms that provide access to the
technologies. Enterprises should be able to use the technologies in
combination for complex business solutions. This requires interoperation
between the digital platforms and the application components that use
them.

The basic architecture models specified in this Open Group standard show
how digital platform and application components can interoperate. They
can be used in enterprise and IT architectures, and will assist digital
platform architects to create interoperable products.

Conformance
-----------

For the purposes of this standard, the conformance requirements given in
this section apply. A conforming system shall have components that map
to one or more of the models specified herein.

Terminology
-----------

For the purposes of Technology Base Reference Models for Open Platform
3.0™, the following terminology definitions apply:

Can Describes a possible feature or behavior available to the user or
application.

May Describes a feature or behavior that is optional. To avoid
ambiguity, the opposite of “may” is expressed as “need not”, instead of
“may not”.

Shall Describes a feature or behavior that is a requirement. To avoid
ambiguity, do not use “must” as an alternative to “shall”.

Shall not Describes a feature or behavior that is an absolute
prohibition.

Should Describes a feature or behavior that is recommended but not
required.

Will Same meaning as “shall”; “shall” is the preferred term.

Notation
--------

Many of the figures in this standard are expressed in the ArchiMate
modeling language. The ArchiMate specification is an Open Group Standard
for an open and independent modeling language for Enterprise
Architecture.

**Note** There is a good explanation of it in the ArchiMate® 2.0 –
Understanding the Basics White Paper.

The figures in this standard use a small subset of the ArchiMate
symbols. They are shown and explained [below (in Figure
1)](#fig_legend).

<span id="_Ref339708356" class="anchor"><span id="fig_legend"
class="anchor"></span></span>![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="561"
height="208"}Figure 1: Archimate Notation

Definitions
===========

For the purposes of this standard, the following terms and definitions
apply. Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary should be referenced for
terms not defined in this section.

API
---

An interface to a software program that can be used by another software
program.

**Note** Originally, this was an abbreviation for “Application Program
Interface” or “Application Platform Interface” but its meaning is now
broader.

App
---

An application program that runs on a mobile device.

App Store
---------

A web resource from which users can acquire and download apps.

Application
-----------

A deployed and operational IT system that supports business functions
and services. (TOGAF)

Application Platform
--------------------

The collection of technology components of hardware and software that
provide the services used to support applications, excluding
communications infrastructure, processing, storage, and other
infrastructure providing basic IT capabilities.

Cloud Computing
---------------

A model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand network access to
a shared pool of configurable computing resources (e.g., networks,
servers, storage, applications, and services) that can be rapidly
provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service
provider interaction. (NIST)

Big Data
--------

Data that is so large that it is difficult to work with using IT systems
available today.

Connected Device
----------------

A device connected to a mobile computing system by some form of local
connection.

Internet Object
---------------

A uniquely identifiable object that is connected to the Internet and
exposes an interface that enables other systems connected to the
Internet to interact with it.

Internet of Things
------------------

The collection of uniquely identifiable objects embedded in or
accessible by Internet hosts.

Managed Object
--------------

A uniquely identified object that is connected by a *proximity network*
to a system that manages it and is connected to the Internet.

Mobile Application Management
-----------------------------

Management of apps on mobile devices deployed across mobile operators,
service providers, and enterprises, including provisioning and
configuration of access control.

Mobile Device Management
------------------------

Management of mobile devices deployed across mobile operators, service
providers, and enterprises.

Object Interface
----------------

The interface exposed by an *Internet object* that enables other systems
connected to the Internet to interact with it.

Social Computing
----------------

Computing related to or using social media.

Social Media
------------

An application of Internet and web technology that provides a means of
interactions among people in which they create, share, and exchange
information and ideas in virtual communities and networks.

Web Service
-----------

A software application or component that provides a network-accessible
service interface based on the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).

Applications
============

Application Model
-----------------

The distinction between applications and systems software is one of the
oldest in computing. Applications form part of the Technical Reference
Model (TRM) defined in TOGAF. A modified form of this model, including a
business layer and a more broadly scoped infrastructure layer, is shown
[below (in Figure 2)](#fig_application).

<span id="fig_application" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339709364"
class="anchor"></span></span>![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="261"
height="242"}Figure 2: The Application Model

An *application* (as defined in TOGAF) is a deployed and operational IT
system that supports business functions and services; for example, a
payroll. Applications use data and are supported by multiple technology
components but are distinct from the technology components that support
the application.

The *operator* of an application is an enterprise or person that manages
it and makes it available for use.

The *application users* are people who use the application. They often
have a business relationship with the operator; for example, they may be
employed by the operator. They include people that use the application
in order to manage or maintain it, as well as people who use the
application for business purposes (end users). Users are treated
individually; different users can access different information, and may
have rights to access different facilities.

The *application platform* (again as defined in TOGAF) is the collection
of technology components of hardware and software that provide the
services used to support applications.

The *application infrastructure* includes communications infrastructure,
processing, storage, and possibly other infrastructure providing basic
IT capabilities, but not part of the application platform. The
application platform uses the infrastructure and makes its services
available to the application. (Many definitions of infrastructure
include what is defined here as the application platform. In this
Standard, the platform is considered to be separate from the
infrastructure, not a part of it.)

Web Application Model
---------------------

With the advent of the World-Wide Web, a particular form of the basic
model emerged, in which the user accesses the application across the
World-Wide Web, using a web browser. This is shown in the [next figure
(Figure 3)](#fig_web_application).

<span id="fig_web_application" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339710383"
class="anchor"></span></span>![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZUAAAHACAIAAADlemIoAABqDklEQVR4nOxdB1gUV9tVsYNUwQIIoiAqFuyxYENRbLGgGGONiiVijBrQWMBeQLBgRwWRLk1AROwNLL9iJJaYRD8jJCrGjgqy/3Hv5zz77bLU2Z3ZmXue+/Bc7k573/fMue+dcqeShIKCgkIzUYnrA6CgoKAoJ6h+UVBQaCqoflFQUGgqqH5RUFBoKqh+UVBQaCqoflFQUGgqqH5RUFBoKqh+UVBQaCqoflFQUGgqStCvI0eWJSTQotoCJ6sn2BSlAeW8BnG+BP3CniSSJFpUWqROpuALKOc1iPNUv7gvVL94Bcp5DeI81S/uC9UvXoFyXoM4T/WL+0L1i1egnNcgzlP94r5Q/eIVKOc1iPNUv7gvVL94Bcp5DeK8wPUrJ+egp6cL54ehnlhSsALKeQ3ivCbpl5VV/cOHF5P60qWuDRoYMD+ZmRn95z8HFFe5eTOgevWqajvC/PyEBQtGtGhhXqkoaGvXMDHRGziw/atXUaqIJQUroJzXIM5rkn5NmdJvzpwhpN6nT+vKlSs9eLAP9aysHba2ZkWuos5Y/vtvBAKGaN24sbWgIIFpR+TQ7u097q+/glBQady4nmw4qX7xCpTzGsR5TdKvoKAfW7WykEglH+5o375pWNhP+NfPbxqJ8f37e7t3b6GnV3vEiK6vX0czsTxxYo2dnUW9evpYUnWHN2xYl4ULRyq2o/P5/vvBsi0IJxpZjyUFK6Cc1yDOa5J+PXy4H/3P06ehV674w3GzZg1ydx9KnEWO08mpna/v1NzccFQOHJhHYlmlSmVXVwesgkCi/uxZmIoOD7n9n3/uU2xH74QuSLYF/6KR9VhSsALKeQ3ivCbpF4qlpUl09GJ//+nr1k1C19Spk83793HofJCaoujo1MzM3Hbv3m4vr28mTXIksaxWTevjx3iyupVV/chIT6HGkoIVUM5rEOc1TL8QIeSlLi7dz5xZd+fOLsQpMXE58mf8lJzsXaNG1Y4drUkZO7anROFaAHothFlFx4bu8Ztveiq2Y6dInmVbYAIdP/IWlPMaxHkN06/9+39o2bJRo0bGb98eLixM1NfX7tatOfHU5ct+WlpVHj8Oll1eLpZNmtQ/fnyVio4tLy+2UqVKPXvayV3LRM+DdsSPuZaJf+n1e96Ccl6DOK9h+oVkFY5o374p+bdfv7b499IlX4n0Amfz5ubu7kPfvYuRSO+MSL5cCzh/fiPq6em+tWpVh8dVd3hgGLmXXLVqlWLuJcul1lS/eAXKeQ3ivIbpFwo6IubWxpIlrnp6tRnhv3Vre5s2jdFBWVs3dHbuQGKJf5FX29lZ1KxZLSBgJufHr1iofvEKlPMaxHnN068Sy9OnoaQ7QkGYX7yIROX58/D37+M4PzaVxpKCFVDOaxDnBahfGleofvEKlPMaxHmqX9wXql+8AuW8BnGe6hf3heoXr0A5r0Gcp/rFfaH6xStQzmsQ5zVVv1JSVoSGLuT8MHgVSwpWQDmvQZznTL9cXR2MjOp8+FDO+yNLlriOG9dLUuG37ZntCCCWFKyAcl6DOM+Nfj1/Hq6nV1tfX5uZ26jcMSgoSHjyJLRM6/bo0fLQoYWk/ubN4Zcvo8q0Om9jScEKKOc1iPPc6FdAwMzRo3vMnOk8ZEgnpnHAgPbR0YudnTsgxqNGdSOTgdy9u9vOzkJxMhAmlmQB0vjgwb7BgzsaGOiYmOjt2DFbIk25+/e3NzbW7devbVbWDrQsWza2Ro2qDRoY2Ng0zM9P8PefvmDBCGZ1J6d22LutrVlEhAdpJAts2eLWqJGxo2NbMvsSP2NJwQoo5zWI89zoV/v2TZOTvdPTfatWrfL33yGksVkz05YtG8XGLklNXWVpabJr1/cS5ZOBKObSnz4dadOmcc+edr/8EpCbG/7o0ef3Fc6eXX/u3Ia8vNixY3v++OPXEunMaq1bW27fPovsl9lOYWFi27ZWU6f2R88WGelZu3aNa9c2kwXAoQkT+mRmbuvdu7UqXoWl+sUrUM5rEOc50C84pWFDQ/ICBFTfx+c7JpZMD+DhMcrFpbtE+WQgirG8etW/UqVKJ0+uKXKn6P0QZoZJTC7NbAeRw+rMZCBYmEy0hAW++soWREF95cpvhw3rwrpDwLMi596l4ARkFgfKeZVyXoP1a+7coc2bm6NnQLG3t2IyYcQyPn4pqZN37iXKJwNRjCU6MfRUcq+qIn+eMWPgoEEd0f8UH0usrqdXW/Ygv/66i+R/L3auXz+Zz7GkYAWU8xrEeXXr14cPcXXr6q5Y8S0SY5QNGyYjAMiT5WLp6ekyffoAxVgyk4EoxvLyZT90JsjPZXdnbd3Q13cqKsjMZWMZErJALpYXL/pgdeayKEjj5jZQs2JJwQoo5zWI8+rWr+joxe3aNZFt6du3zezZg0gs588fjjE5RvtYJipqkUT5ZCCKsczPT8AWRo3q9vRpKOrZ2QeRrtepUwux//ffiIkT+6LfI3scMaLr4sWj5WL5/n2cuXldBB4HcPv2TvRLSUlemhVLClZAOa9BnFe3fjk7d9iyxU22JSjoR0NDHbgSkRg5squtrZm+vjZcRt6nR6iqVq2iOBlIkc/C3Lix1camobZ2DdLdoQV/dXRqIkibN09HXBEMNB496m1iokcmVJINFRjTqJGxpaUJGLN0qavcjvgfSwpWQDmvQZzn0fP3JJdGsp2bG840MqEq/WQgf/8dwlz7RHn5Mgpdk0R6F4Z5dBALKPuoQU7OQbK82grVL16Bcl6DOM87/ZJrVPPHODkpFYnlhg0bsrKyyr06T5CSkhIaGsr1UfwXlPM857wseKRfaWmr0Q/INaInUQywwEpFYtmsWbP4+HiuVmcLS5YsGTduXGmWvHnzZvXq1VV6MJTzPOe8LHikX6ItHOpXbm7uhw8fyr06Wyhev/z9/UeMGEHqBQUFT548UenBUM7znPOyoPrFfamgfh04cMDZ2VlfX3/UqFGvX79Go7e398qVK8kCPj4+ixYt+hLNhE6dOmHJ7777jrQMGDDgxIkTEqlGLFiwYMuWLY0aNXJ0dHzw4AFZ4P79+927d9fT04OCkI0Dnp6elpaWxsbGMTExyloY3L17187ODiNEa2vrqKgoyOXMmTONjIxatGhx9epVsgyjX3///fc333zTuHHj5s2bBwUFoeXSpUt169bV0dGxsbE5cuQI2RpZ6+PHjzjmhg0bNmjQwN3d/f3798zurl27BkubNGly+PDhsrqUcp7nnJcFv/Tr48f4O3d2kdm7xVMqqF8tW7aMjY1NTU2FguzatQuNs2bNmjNnDlnAw8Nj8uTJqBQWFjZt2vTkyZNQkD///JNZnaRvUJB69epNmDAhMzOzd+/eXl5eZAEnJydfX1+kaahAKNECacCOoGVofPr0aZEtssCIr0qVKkOHDr18+fLLly/37t2LTT179szPz2/QoEFkGVn9ioiIwGLh4eHm5uZowdHiV+gsfsrLy5MdP0KjW7Vqhb2jsUOHDkSmye4cHBxOnTq1bt06qGRZXUr1i+eclwVf9Ovduxh396ENGxo6Ora1tTXr3r3F3bu7Ofcy/2MJAcIJT+qQKhcXF4kS/QKQAf3www9v376VXZ3Rr6+++urTp08SqS4MGzYMlVevXiHxgaLdu3cPijZp0iQ0Xr9+vXbt2nFxccxGFFtkAUHR0tJiBn0Qsk2bNmGDGRkZurq6GA9Kiho/Qgelj1Z+XgsyRI5H8r/Xv6ysrNavX0/qAQEByMIkX/Trjz/+QP3OnTvYCNK0MrmUV/qlo1MzJWUF86+9vVVqqqo+5qgpnJcFX/Rr+vQBffq0Zr5wuX79ZHPzum/fHmZ9R7ITifCksHX9a//+/cjFJMr1C6kKljc1NcVoTm51WQWBKBC9SE5OrlGjRscvGDt2LFkAYgHB6tev36NHj5S1MJC74g5BRE7EbJMMVJm9Ywy4fPnyIUOGIOGC9Pzzzz8S5fpVrVo1ZJ2kfuHCBSJVsgtAxdBY1gt8VL94znlZ8EK/Hj0KqlKlckbGJqbl06cjlpYm5Km/IucYQQkL+8nKqn69evqbNk0lLWTeD09PFwMDHUkpJhLBcBXLI+lDC7I/8qwNmZwE61pbNyTPQ/M5lrL65enpOX36dIlUv2bPnk0a3dzcGP0C8vPzIQfa2trv3r2TlKRfGPEhdXr8+LHifqEsUKsxY8YU00Igp18YaW7dulVuGWbvixcv7tatG5Ky58+fl6hfEGLoJqnv27fP0NBQbgEB6xcOslMnG5wR333Xn/z04UPczJnORkZ1WrQwv3rVnzTi3ImI8Ojbt40qXkrnivOy4IV+ISTQL7kn6IYP/2raNCeJkjlGcnPDDQ0xtNkGYYJakcRtyRJXxM/DY9Tt2zslpZhIZOXKb1u1srh2bfPNmwEdOjRdtMhF8uXtjaFDO1++7Keead4qqF/z588vLCx89uxZu3btoqJwwJ+v2Ts4OECqQkJCkBYR/cJp/Msvv6ACPYJ+/fvvv5KS9AtbaN68ubu7OxE7ssrDhw/JRS5/f3+ymGKLLOT0CwrVqlUrrII6RrJEXJi9T5w4ERKMYWxoaCik5/79+2gMDw+3sbGBjXJbg0xDMV9K4ezsjHUl4tCvwsLEpk0bnDy5BprFzB6xd6+7k1O7Z8/C/PymDRrUkTTi3EEff/jwYmbGHp4UQekXBnS1alVnPilMyuTJjpAwiZI5RkJCFiCrundvN0rnzs2Sk70lUv1CV6O4fWUTiSC05O0KsgyyMIlUv7S0qpR1fkuuYgkBwnlra2urr68P7SBCA3WwtraGSLm4uMybN4/oF9THzMzMysoKP0HgmNWL0S/g1q1bbdq0wcaxFjQCLREREfjXzs4O7RkZGUW2yEJOv6BZOGC0YKiL45EbP168eLF+/fp169ZF2ujo6NipUyeJ9DIctowjP3HihOzWcnNzBw4caCgFFibJmhj0SyJ9SfuHH4bJXmBBj4uBCE4HjGN0dWuRswnnzs6dszm3gl3Oy4IX+nX+/EbwjLyRzxSkvoiQRMkcI1C3+vUNOna0JiUwcK5EYWLvEicSqVZNi7macOHCRukFlHj1P/1ckVi+ePECoy2cojiZFX9SXB5pGrlkXiYgvSLKSIBUSO4hLMWW4oGtKVseh4d8ilRIxkcAeSK3F+QAM8nybIFX+qWnV/vIkeXMv23aNE5LWy2RTt0lvZJpxKgblA4jR+aMIJOmFvl8Px+KoPTrxYtIeH/jxilMy+vX0ehDwsJ+kiiZY2ThwpEODnZy25HTrxInEkH4mZdj9+37AQNSCRdvb9D3H3kFXumXra2Z7PSn5uZ1f/klgNTz8xPWrZukrV2DvPVtaWmydesMudWpfqkplkuXukJu/vrr8wS4SH2nTOmHPIvMAFnkHCPofzDKO3ZspUQ6DS65UCWrX6WZSGTWrEEYhGJdFGfnDlhMQvVL9OCVfk2b5oRk6p9/Dkmk96OMjOpArT58iCMq9vhxMPQLDEcdrG7VyuLhw/2oY1xJXtum+qWmWEJuEAB9fe3OnZvVq6cPWUFsyE9FzjEikWZMyK6trOojjSJfLpDLv0qcSCQ3N3zgwPZIu1AcHdsSllD9Ejl4pV/o0aFfICTOApCZfP8RgmVmZgTmo8tnpqKGZqEDxpLo+PErHT9yEMuPH+OzsnbI3fUrco4RUpB5ZWcfJGlakaU0E4lg9Mrt56SofvEKvNIvUqBiOC/k5okGh+VueUmkz4Gr89YT55znl34VWXjbh/AtlhSsgA+cF3wRkX4VOceIkArVL16BD5wXfBGRfgm+UP3iFSjnNYjzVL+4L1S/eAXKeQ3iPNUv7gvVL16Bcl6DOE/1i/tC9YtXoJzXIM6XoF9HjizDnjSrjB3bk/NjKFOBk1mJJUWZ4OXlVakoVK1ahXNKlKkcOrSwWjUt/OX8SNTP+RL0SxMBCnJ9CBQag8LCwrNnz7q5uRkaGlpaWurr6zOT02oK1qxZA87jL9cHwgEEeKpT/aIoDW7evOnh4WFmZtaqVSsy5WzHjh1zcnK4Pq6yoaCgwNTUFJyHIfn5+VwfjrohwFOd6hdFMXj48OHatWuhWY0aNfL09Lx16xY0q1OnTmPGjMnLy+P66MqMqKioHj16gPMODg6RkZFcH466IcBTneoXhSJyc3N37tyJU93IyGjGjBkYM5IJESFeyF+YzzVpHGARJAycJ0LG9eGoGwI81al+UTB49+5deHj4kCFDdHV1kWElJCTIfc5jw4YNit980xTcuHED4oshJDhPBpJo4fqg1AoBnupUvyhwMqekpIwfP15PT8/JySk4OJj5eKWQMGXKFHLZnnAe42LZbx2IAQI81al+iRkZGRnu7u4mJiadO3fesmULmVRaqIBgkXlxCedRRwvXB6VWCPBUp/olQty9e3fZsmVNmjSxsbHx9vYmH/4QD0TLeQGaLdpYihDZ2dmbNm1q3759/fr1582bd/XqVa6PiBuIlvMCNFu0sRQPXr58uW/fPkdHR319/cmTJ6elpRX5aQ/xQLScF6DZoo2l4PHhw4fY2NhRo0bp6uoOHz48Kirq/fv3XB8ULyBazgvQbNHGUqgoLCw8derU1KlTkW316tVrz549st9Vo5CImPMCNFu0sRQerl+/vmDBgoYNG7Zt23bjxo2PHz/m+oh4CtFyXoBmizaWgsGff/65evXqFi1aWFpa/vzzz7/++ivXR8R3iJbzAjRbtLHUdDx9+jQgIKBr165169adNWvWhQsXuD4ijQG3nD9//vzu3bvlGnNycjw9PVW9awGe6sLQr1evXmHoRJ5OlMWGDRuysrI4OSQV4c2bN4cOHXJ2dtbT0/vmm2+SkpJEOI9CBSHH+WbNmsXHx6tt71u2bHF0dJRrvHnzZvXq1VW9ayGc6nLgNpZsAd0XDFG8UK2h5igCIgWpGjduHGQL4gUJg5BxfVCaCjnO5+bmfvjwQW17p/rFJriNZTHw9/cfMWJEKRcWsH5dvHhx9uzZGCRiqLht2zYMG7k+Io2HHOcHDBhw4sQJVB49ejR8+HBDQ0MLC4u3b9/KreXt7c1MvOHj47No0SJSx7jP0tLS2NiYebM9LCzMysqqXr16mzZtIi0fP350c3MzMjLq0KHD9OnTlekXDsPOzg4r+vn5oTEkJGTIkCHMMlOnTo2Nja2Q4RVZmZ8oXywRD3Krq0GDBu7u7uTBort378L7cjEA7t+/3717dyQO0CPyYjBZMiUlxdraOioq6u+//8ZQqHHjxs2bNw8KCsICly5dwhmro6NjY2Nz5MiRIjcCIA0BdRo1arRixQpl+nXgwAEkLPr6+qNGjcKKrHNCRfj1119//vlnWAefrFq1SuOmOeUzlI05oEToKgoKCkA2/JVba9asWXPmzCF1Dw8P8u73tWvXECPwCh0/6VpQwVmTmZmZlZVlYGDw6tUrNO7Zs8fe3v727dsPHjwAjYvUrypVqri6ul65cgUnDurPnj3Lzs7W0tLCyYIFnjx5oqur++LFiwoZXpGV+YnyxRIdUatWrRA8+B1dCumLiowB2p2cnHx9fRFXVKAmzJJDhw69fPnyy5cvoV8RERGohIeHm5ubS6TPXi5ZsgRiip/IPHmKG3n+/Hnt2rWjo6Mhr1hYmX61bNkSCpWamgqe7dq1i3VOsIvHjx9v3LgRXEffgB7i+vXrXB+RAKGM84sXL27fvr2yt0GL1C8ECCSMi4tjFkMH2a9fv3tSdO7cOTk5GY2jR49GykYWUDZ+rFatGjNbEdI3Mr0iNrV8+XJUcEKNGzeuooZXcH0eonyxhH/Xr19P6gEBAcjCJEpigP4HaRS6I4TTy8tr0qRJZEmICORDbrPowXA8pH3dunXDhg0j7UVuBIlbp06dyALFjB+hjKQOzrm4uEjY5gQrwJHv3bu3d+/eyBOREp48eZLMF0ihCijjPHpQ9L5Vq1ZdtmyZ4l2RIvVLIuU/JAykwpAF/6K9fv36Hb8gMDAQjRg5ogcly5fm+tfAgQPBc1QwHMEQBJU2bdqkpaVV1PAKrs9DlC+W0CkmHhcuXMBGIFtFxgD9T40aNZhwjh07VqIQLQw/ISgY1iHhwqbILC6y+lXkRmbOnDlt2jSyQGmuf+3fvx+5mIRtTlQEMBz5I8bpSANHjhwZExPDk4uPwkbx96zOnz9vbGyMuMitBf3CiITU3dzcZOcOA2OhX2PGjEF94cKFDg4Ocuu2aNFi3759pF4a/WrSpMnx48cl0p4b4ojhp4WFRcW7NBHpF4GyWJqamqLbIXUEBgN+iZIYYISIVEvuWXC5JZHrdevWDaNUDAmL1K8iNwJxhESSemn0CyPi6dOnS9jmRDnw6dMn6CZOAGRbffv2hQPRW6j/MEQLZZwHLUn/ATZiGCi3FgaAECb05fgJ/CH69fDhQ3LZy9/fn9D12rVr4OqxY8ck0ne5SGTd3d2dnJxyc3MxhrC1tVV2/QunG+rp6em1atViPi+A3hq7QxrBguEV3wTfUL5Yoi9Ch/NSCmdn54kTJ0qUxADxbt68OeJHHs4iEiOnX1gdyoKzOjQ0FMdDBq3h4eHIkoi+FLkR7MjAwOD//u//Xrx4MWHCBGX6NX/+fGzk2bNn7dq1w5CTtLPIiTIB5P7xxx8xvsDYfNOmTdnZ2Wo+AAqJcs6PHz8eAz3kSqC03MTZEqlUWVtba2tru7i4zJs3j+hXREQEOiE7Ozvk8hkZGWRJdEh6enpWVlbo5nfs2IGWrKwsc3NzcN7e3h6sK1K/sB3QEpuqWbMmkxwASUlJlStX/uOPP1gwvOKb4BvKF0v0JMh9DKVAMEjGhBhgvKkYg1u3biG6CA/Cj61JFPTr4sWLOKXr1q2LtBxbI1e1kCVhLZCA3A9V3AhEbfDgwQitiYkJxobK9AviiB4PK6J7ZB5wZZETpQEUecWKFTgYmLN06VJy94CCKxTzzDZ63OJzYcW7PegdFa/kohGdk+w8RUUuxgCDD7JlDEHkpgmJjIzs3bt3MYdUeghfv2RRmljKLsCokmIMJNJr84rPxzNA/MimUJGVISijLAkUN4LESvH2qOwR4lckkhBc2XYWOVEMcPBbtmzp3LkzFHbOnDnISVW9R4rSQLPeOenSpUtwcDArm9Iks0sJFmOpnmeIWQGLnFDE69evsfEBAwZgEIE0NiUlpRiFpVA/NEi/MPSJjY0tpuMvEzTG7NKDxVgigdKIh93Z5YTsZo8cOeLq6qqrqztkyJCwsDDWd0HBCjRIv9iFAM0WbSzZQmFh4blz52bMmGFkZNS9e/cdO3bIjVUp+AbRcl6AZos2lhXHrVu3PD09LSws7Ozs1q5d+/DhQ66PiKJUEC3nBWi2aGNZbvznP/9Zv35969atzczMPDw8MjMzuT4iirJBtJwXoNmijWVZ8fz58127djk4OBgaGk6fPv3MmTP0FR8NhWg5L0CzRRvLUuLdu3cRERFDhw7V1dUdPXp0fHy84tNwFJoF0XJegGaLNpbFo6Cg4NixYxMnTtTX1+/fv39QUBCZCIVCABAt5wVotmhjqQyXL1+eO3duvXr1OnXq5O/v//fff3N9RBQsQ7ScF6DZoo2lHO7du7d8+fKmTZtaW1t7eXn99ttvXB8RhaogWs4L0GzRxpIA6ZWfn1/Hjh2RcP3www9Xrlzh+ogoVA7Rcl6AZoszlq9evTpw4EC/fv309PQmTZqUmpoq+5YlhbAhTs5LqH5pOj58+BAXF+fi4lKnTp1hw4ZFRkYysyxRiAei4rwsBGi2GGJZWFh4+vTpadOmGRoa9uzZc/fu3Yoz7VCIB2LgfJEQoNnCjmVmZuZPP/1kamrapk2bDRs2kBnKKUQOYXO+GKjQ7PeFhTeeP4+5f3/vjRubLlxYnZa2MiVleWLisoQElZaeY8eqdPswAYbAHBgF02AgzHyv4ifXHzx4sGbNmpYtWzZq1GjRokUC+wS3YEA5r2awr1+vCgrSHj/empHhnZy87syZHb/+uv/hw/Bnz2Lz8uI/fjxSWJgkkWh0gQkwBObAKJgGA2EmjIXJMPwVqxNjPXv2bPv27d26dTMyMpo5cyaZyZqCb6Cc58rzbOpXbn5+yO3bK1JSfNPTgx8/hsGc+11tBcbCZBgO8+GEXIXvG5UJb9++DQ0NHTx4sK6u7tixYxMTExU/mETBB1DOs8X58oEd/Xr76VP0/fsrjx3bduNG7Pv3nHuWwwLz4QS4Ag55W8YnGCBSR48e/fbbb/X09AYOHHjw4ME3b96wEiAK1kE5zwrnK4iK6hdGwIkPHqw6ftz/ypXo1685dyVPClwBh8AtcE5pLhJcunTp+++/NzY27tKly9atW4v5LAIF56CcZ4XzrKBC+vXu06fdN25sOHcu4t9/OXcfDwvcAufARe+UdEp37txZsmSJlZWVra3typUr1fb1IIpyg3K+gpxnF+XXr+z37zeeO+d/9aoALk+qrsA5cJHPuXPZMp8vevz4sa+vb7t27Ro0aDB//vxr166xEUoKlYNyvtycVxHKqV+/vHixKjV1z2+/ce6s4svBnBwXT0/ODwOO8kpMvPXvv4GBgX369DEwMJgyZcqJEyfoKz4aBE3hPE8K4fxvKv7gS3n0C8e0LCEhJCdHzR6pb2W1+PBhUnddutSgQQPmJyMzswP/+Y/iKgE3b1atXp3zWKIEZ2f3mTCh7+DBhw8fVvyUJAXPoTrOGzdqpFu3ro6BgX3//iuPHeOcqOxyHk67qco3Q8qsX4/z8tALBf7xh/rd0W/KlCFz5pB66z59KlWuvO/BA9R3ZGWZ2doWuQp/9AsF7IfrHvPy/cTz58/v3r1brjEnJ8fT05OT4+EVVMp56JdHRETc+/cjf/oJ9SOfPnFOVA3ifNn0601BwYbTpwN//50TX/wYFGTRqhUqCfn59Ro3btq+/U9hYfh3mp8f0bW99++36N69tp5e1xEjyI0hol9rTpywsLPTr1cPS3Ibzr2//77hzJk3pXjer1mzZur89OSWLVscHR3lGjXo872qg6o5T/QLle937WrUsiUqu+/eBV1XpKQ0tLZeFBWFliVxceYtWoDYbfr2JQPYzkOHrk5LQyU2Lw9rLY2PRx3a16xz58Nv3gQ9evTV8OE6hoYmFhaH377FT3EfPjjPnFnHyAjb8b96ley6/YAB2DW22XPsWD5wvhwog34VSiTbLl/empnJ1cm//+FD5FyhT5/6X7nSZdiwQbNmDXV3/xyGgQORpqLSzslpqq9veG4uKvMOHEiS6lflKlUcXF2xCsQL9bBnz7g6flK23rgRcOVKide9cnNzP3z4UJHQlglUv4qEGjgP/frGy2vKxo3WHTuio2VIC4Xyu3w56uVLDC+q1qixICQEzB/8/fcYaiQUFKDD/vrHH7EwZA49NLQJ9Y3nz9s5OKDi4uk5aPZsLIYeHX/R4r53L04KkB9nQcdBg8iuTZs1I9dkQv7+mw+cLwfKoF+x9+/7pqcncnrym1haLo6Onu7vP2ndOqRjNp06IfFGvxT16hVKTR2dbZmZu+/dAyEcJ00iVNCqVo15KhrR8oyM5PD4UeBAuDG2pNlQBwwYcOLECVQePXo0fPhwQ0NDCwuLt2/fyi3m7e29cuVKUvfx8Vm0aBGpY9xnaWlpbGwcExNDWsLCwqysrOrVq7dp0ybS8vHjRzc3NyMjow4dOkyfPl2ZfuEw7OzssKKfnx8aQ0JChgwZwiwzderU2NjY0rNIs6AGzkO/MGhAotS6d28yRAVpq2hphT55QhaAGDXt0IHUD/3zT6VKlTacO4eEq3GbNmgZ9sMP6MXNmzcnS37n44PK6MWLMTqBeDF7gRpO3bQJp8amjIxaurpE1KBfs3fu5A/ny4HS6ter/PyVx45BI7g9+aFK6IK6u7isO3Nm15070KbliYkIP37yTk5GN4VOjBSSEstd/0KmBmnj1oQk6ZN+cOarYt+3YMaPUKLZs2cXFBTcv3+/QCEJnzVr1pw5c0jdw8Nj8uTJqFy7dg3i9fr1ayRxT58+lUizOShgZmZmVlaWgYEB+XLHnj177O3tb9++/eDBg+7duxepX1WqVHF1db1y5QrEC/Vnz55lZ2draWndvXsXCzx58kRXV/fFixelZJFmQT2cZ8aPk9evh7JguCdH2p7ffNN/6lTmX8OGDRceOoS8DOSHxmE8iOwJK0LaMJDE2BPL4FeMOapUrTp22bKE/Hy0oGvHkszZQS4cQ7/IwJMnnC8HSqtfob/+uu3GDc7P/B/270eQEHKEObGwUFtfv3m3buO8vfETkm30WsGPH8suL0eF+k2arDp+nHMrUDAkgUuLcTijX4sXL27fvj3Eq8jFitSv69ev165dOy4ujlkMSVO/fv3uSdG5c+fk5GQ0jh49GikbWUDZ+LFatWrM19WQvkVGRqKCTS1fvhwViNq4ceNKSSGNg3o4z+gXhBKStCwhQY60X8+b16pXL1KHMGFoSa58Ne/aFaOQZl26oI4hIeQPeiS7ZQwndY2NMV5Jkg5cZmzdKrdrdepXaThfDpRKv3Ly8jDMjuPBS177/vwT+TNyY/Jv23798K/vpUtJ0ov6yKKRS8e8e5ckfQ446culBAQySZrBVq9VKzYvj3MrkqSvjK04ejRH+X0ZRr9evnyJDKhq1arLli1TfIu7SP0CAgICIGEQGjJBGNrr16/f8QsCAwPRiJFjamoqWb40178GDhzo5eWFShBG7jY2qLRp0yYtLa00FNI4qI3zRL+OfPo0YfVqZEwHc3Lk9Gvd6dM1tLV3ZGWhw4YG6ZmYkHtTyK3Qf3+7YgXqGDaiPmLBArIKthD34QMq6N0XhIQkSUeUFq1a7X/4EHX0/eRXNetXiZwvB0qlX3uvX98lzUv5UBBvDCFJ3XXJktp6emQwj7L91q3GbdogkA2trTs4O5NA4l+MJS3s7KrVrDkzIIDz42cKXArHKvO53P3H8+fPGxsbR0dHyy0G/cLoktTd3NwY/QL++ecf6NeYMWNQX7hwoYODg9y6LVq02LdvH6mXRr+aNGly/PhxiXSufYgjhp8WFhZC/WS32jgPPkOtkHkhn5q1fXtSUQ/9TFyzBl0vcigjMzNyjR9l/dmz6LzJzcTN166hjhbyU5/x48mtRpwF5OIvNKvvxInYLIYv2Ij6x4+l4Xw5ULJ+Pf/wwfvoUUYj+F9Cnz4lKRgKDjvyxQtUwp8/50P+KFtwbHDscyU3GRn9goiQG5HdunXDMFBuMQwAIUzIy/ATNIXo18OHD8llL39//2HDhkmkV8S0tLSOHTsmkc49jZwOFXd3dycnp9zc3MzMTFtbW2XXv8ikY+np6bVq1WIm1x87dix2h5Sw9FTTIPCQ85Chg2V5ehbjDAw25RpxXjC3BXjI+XKgZP068scfW69f5zx+gixbrl8/ouSdbUa/xo8fj4EeciVnZ2fmUhQDSJW1tbW2traLi8u8efOIfkVEROjr69vZ2WF8l5GRQZZEqqWnp2dlZWVqarpjxw60ZGVlmZubI8Oyt7eHEhWpX9gOpAqbqlmzJsakzE9JSUmVK1cW6gvnlPOccL4cKFm/fM6eDcvN5dxsQZbwZ898zp0rMQTIekjGpAyKdwCRZClOwoPG7Oxs2Zcui1yMQUFBAdny8+fP5d55ioyM7N27d4lHrqGgnOec86VECfr1Oj/fOzmZvm2vogLHwr2vNXBu1S5dugQHB3N9FCoB5bwGcb4E/bqUk+Obns65zQIucG/633+zEku1AcPY2NjYdyqeWoArUM5rEOdL0K/IO3d237vHucGKZUVKysLQUM4Po+IF7oWTWYklBSvghPPkXZ99Dx4I7P1tZZyPuH2blWCVoF87r16VeyKUreLg6lrHyIg8h1KO4rpkSa9x45IqPMMEsx2uCty74+pVVmJJwQpUx/kiy+E3b76eN0+/Xr3WvXvb9expUL/+8PnzOSSkZnG+BP3acPp0tArenwh//ry2np62vj4zn1dZC6M76LjKeku4ZY8eCw8dInWwR/E2szpL1KtXcDIrsaRgBSrivLLSb8qU5l27MtMKIP8q03MSipQufUG6V7VGDfV/M4lFzpegX6tSU1XxbZWZAQE9Ro92njmz05AhTGP7AQMWR0d3cHaGrnUbNYo8ZEzmElGcAIfRL7IAE4+OgwfrGBjomZjM3rEjSTrMtO/fX9fYuG2/fjuyspKkTy0jZgYNGjS0sUnIz5/u7888tYzV2zk5Ye9mtrbklQ4UsoDbli3GjRq1dXQkD/6xWODeVV8egqfgA1TE+SLLgf/8p1LlyuT9ELlSJBsJ2zdfu2bTqVP9Jk1I9y9HaWVT5ZDP3OLUGDp3Lmm0srevVKkS1ho0e7Z67GWd8yXol3dysiqe4mvavj227JueXqVqVWbuDtNmzRq1bLkkNha2mVhafr9rV5LyCXAUx4/ouBq3aYMMPOCXX8Jzc4MePUqSPqO84dy52Lw8RI7MNwLtt2zdetb27WS/zHYSCwut2rbtP3UqsjnPyMgatWuDJWQB6GafCRO2ZWYiw2f99e/PT/RJ30ak4AlUxPkiC6gO/VK8iqKMjeR0sHNwWHvq1KR166BQipRWNlVOXXPz2Tt3+l2+DLEjfTnOKegXzhTyjLfaCoucL0G/lh05wvrRQwgMGzYkFEHfQmb8IC5m+plRHh7dXVySlE+Ao6hf6GoQjDUnTxa5U2R8kDZSh3oyyTazHfIGxr4//yTtWJhMLoYFbL/6ilxV/Xblyi7DhrHuEDiZlVhSsAJVcF5ZAQ9r6ugotitjI9EvMs3Orjt3sAw5NWQprWyqHOZEg9iRlyKxHWYLai5scZ6D/Avpq3nz5siGUJDBMqM/2bexyDwTSconwFHULyRuCK3c69noZwbOmIFeCDErXr+wem09PdmD7PL110n/e4F/8vr1rOsXzb/4BnXmX+QdRsX0RxkbZU8Hoj4kd5OldIlT5TTt0IFb/VJf/sX6tQC4W7du3W9XrEByizJ5wwaIDvJYORe7eHoOmD49SfkEOIr6hcT481wU//vkTkNr66m+vknSyXll9YvET3Y7PhcvYnXmVgCEcqCbW5Lq9Yte/+Ib1Hn9C6O8ajVruu/ZI9eujI3F6BdD6RKnyuFcv9R3/Yv1ezGLo6ObtGsn29Kmb19y+RAuHj5/Pkb+CCqWITN/K5sAR1G/EvLzsYVuo0aFPn2K+sHsbMh8rTp1oHcR//7bd+JE5Hpkj11HjBi9eDGpM9uJe/++rrk5xA4HsPP2bfR+XklJSarXL3r/kW9Q8/1HcF7PxGTjhQvkX/DW++hRZWxUpl+ylC5xqhxGvw6/eQP13Kr2ef3Ud/+R9WdhOjg7u23ZItvyY1CQjqEhAgYXdx050szWVltfHzJB5pD4PJdu1aqKE+AU+fwXItHQxqaGtjZJ8dCCv0inQYXpmzdDyyBAaAQ/wBgyiZisPEEljRs1QvcFlXRdulRuR0mq0S/6/BffoObnv6Avozw8qtaoUa9xY5AfvSy5c1UkG5XplyylS5wqh9EvlK9//LGOkRFIrjZ72eU8j56/Jy5GPMJlXp1lAlb6CXBC/v5bNiWOevmSTKEL1Wdu9GABZR/yOJiTQ5ZXT2HxWWQKVsDN8/f5+bvu3AHJy81GOUqXfqocjE7UPKmn+p6/V+e7YEXOpsarDziqomji+4/CBn3/UYM4z6P5J1anpSk+eYzsSc1TRKqzaO78EwIGnX9Cgzhfivm/zp0L5/qbiUIt7M6FRMEWKOc1hfN0/lUuC7tzUVKwBcp5TeG8AOe/15TC+lzgFGyBcl5TOK953x8STGH9WywULIJyXiM4r2HffxRMgTPhUna/hUfBIijnNYLzGvb9bcEUOJP1bxFTsAvKef5zvrT69So/f+WxY1FqfK9CwAVuhDNf0ccm+A3Kef5zvrT6BcTev++bnp7ItSM0vSRKn9+DM9kNJIUqQDnPc86XQb8KkQFevrw1M5Nzd2h02XrjBtxYyHokKVQAynmec74M+gW8KSjYcPp04O+/c+4RDS17f/99w5kzcKMKQkmhElDO85nzZdMv4HFe3qrU1JCyf2KAlsA//oDrHtN7jpoGynnecr7M+gXc/PffZQkJwdnZnHtHgwrYD6f9JtBvvgoelPP85Hx59AvAMS1PTOTnp215WPb89ht6oV9evGA3eBTqBOU8DzlfTv0Cct6/9zl3zv/qVfqmfjEFztl89SocBXexGDYKTkA5zzfOl1+/gHefPu26fn3DuXMR//7Ludd4WOAWOGf39etwFFsBo+AWlPO84nyF9EsivcGc+ODBquPH/a5cIV+cpQUFroBD4BY4hz4qITBQzvOH8xXVL4K3nz4dvn9/5bFjW2/cUNu3W/hZYD6cAFfAIW9p2iVcUM7zgfPs6BdBbn5+yO3bK1JSfNPTg//6i5PvYnJVYCxMhuEwH07Ipe8GiQOU89xynk39InhVUJD2+PHWy5e9k5PXnzmz49df9z98GP7sWWxeHgxOlH7IWqPLkcJCGAJzYBRMg4EwE8bCZBj+ij6bKj5QznPlefb1i8H7wsLM589j79/fe+PGpgsXVqelrUxJ8UpMXJaQoLqy8NAhrWrV8Fd1u1iemAhDYA6MgmkwEGbCWNV5kkJTQDmvZqhQvzjBmjVrKlWqhL9cHwgFhZogZs4LSr8KCgpMTU0RSzMzs3x6BYpCBBA55wWlX1FRUT169EAsHRwcIiMjuT4cCgqVQ+ScF5R+IZAIJ2JJgsr14VBQqBwi57xw9OvGjRtIpJFOI5YkqUYL1wdFQaFCUM4LR7+mTJlCLmEilvi7du3ayZMnc31QFBQqBOW8cPQLwXsnnamDxBJ1tHB9UBQUKgTlvHD0iwGJJQWFeCBazgvQbNHGkkK0EC3nBWi2aGNJIVqIlvMCNFu0saQQLUTLeQGaLdpYUogWouW8AM0WbSwpRAvRcl6AZos2lhSihWg5L0CzRRtLCtGCW86fP39+9+7dco05OTmenp6q3rUAT3XRxpJCtJDjfLNmzeLj49W29y1btjg6Oso13rx5s3r16qretfD1SzyxpBAt5Difm5v74cMHte2d6hebEG0sKUQLOc4PGDDgxIkTqDx69Gj48OGGhoYWFhZv376VW8vb23vlypWk7uPjs2jRIlLHWMHS0tLY2DgmJoa0hIWFWVlZ1atXb9OmTaTl48ePbm5uRkZGHTp0mD59ujLO4zDs7Oywop+fHxpDQkKGDBnCLDN16tTY2NgKGV6RlfkJ0caSQrRQNuYAe2fPnl1QUHD//v0ChVnqZ82aNWfOHFL38PAg735fu3YNhH/9+jU6/qdPn0qkGQDOmszMzKysLAMDg1evXqFxz5499vb2t2/ffvDgQffu3YvkfJUqVVxdXa9cuQLCo/7s2bPs7GwtLa27d+9igSdPnujq6r6o2Ae6ha9f4oklhWihjPOLFy9u3749CF/kWkVy/vr167Vr146Li2MWQ0fbr1+/e1J07tw5OTkZjaNHj0Y3TxZQNuaoVq0aunbyL7p8Mr0iNrV8+XJUcCKMGzeuooZXcH0eQrSxpBAtlHH+5cuX6DWrVq26bNkyxdmli+Q8EBAQANqDnBiy4F+0169fv+MXBAYGohGjjdTUVLJ8aa6ZDBw40MvLC5WgoCAbGxtU2rRpk5aWVlHDK7g+DyHaWFKIFsXfszp//ryxsXF0dLTcWuA8RiSk7ubmJjt32D///APOjxkzBvWFCxc6ODjIrduiRYt9+/aRemk436RJk+PHj6OCIQtOKAxZLCwsCiv8BSMR6ReBgGNJIVoo4zyIR25edevWDUMHubUwaACZ0ZfjJ/CQcP7hw4fkUom/v/+wYcMk0qsoWlpax44dQx0sRR6Airu7u5OTU25ubmZmpq2trbJrJjjdUE9PT69Vq1ZeXh75aezYsdgd0ggWDK/4JvgG0caSQrRQxvnx48djcID+1dnZmbl8wQD0tra21tbWdnFxmTdvHuF8RESEvr6+nZ0dxgQZGRlkSXTPenp6VlZWpqamO3bsQEtWVpa5uTl6ZXt7e7C3SM5jO6A3NlWzZk2MY5ifkpKSKleu/Mcff7BgeMU3wTeINpYUokUxz2yjpyS9rDIo3jVCx/zkyRPFxuzs7E+fPhW/GIOCggKy5efPn79//172p8jIyN69exdzSKWH8PVLFsKOJYVooVnvzHXp0iU4OJiVTWmS2aWEaGNJIVpoEOcx9ImNjSXT9lccGmN26SHaWFKIFhrEeXYhQLNFG0sK0UK0nBeg2aKNJYVoIVrOC9Bs0caSQrQQLecFaLZoY0khWoiW8wI0W7SxpBAtRMt5AZot2lhSiBai5bwAzRZtLClEC9FyXoBmizaWFKKFaDkvQLNFG0sK0UK0nBeg2aKNJYVoIVrOC9Bs0caSQrQQLecFaLZoY0khWoiW8wI0W7SxpBAtRMt5FZqd/+nD7b8yj1+Lizq1L/CI/7bIdZtDV/kGe/sEeam09P+6l0q3DxNgCMyBUTANBsJMGKs6T1JoCijn1Qz29evth1fpt08GpwT4hazYGbsx/Myu+CtBqVkRZ/+Mv/DwSPrj5IycoxpdYAIMgTkwCqbBQJgJY2EyDIf5rLuUguegnOfK82zq18u83PiLoZtDVwYm+SVeD7nwnyOc+11tBcbCZBgO8+EEuIJFx1LwFpTz3HKeHf3Ky3+XejVmc9iqkLTt5x8mcO5ZDgvMhxPgCjgEbmHFvRQ8BOU8HzhfUf0qlBSezkzaGr5mf8rmU/djOXclTwpcAYfALXAOXMRKqCh4Asp5/nC+Qvr1viAv/OTeXXE+aXejOXcfDwvcAufARXAUWwGj4BaU87zifPn16+mrv3fHbzqQskUAlydVV+AcuGhPnC/cxWLYKDgB5TzfOF9O/bqXc2tL+Jqoi4GcO6v4kpx5aML3ozk/DDjK96D3o9z77AaPQp3QFM7zpKiH8+XRLxyTT5AXpEHNHmnYqP66vUtIfcq8sUYmBsxPJg3qJlwNVlzl0MntVatV5TyWKEk3DsFp97J/YT2EFGqA6jhfz9RYz1C3jp5O557tNoet4pyomsX5MuvXk5fZW8PXxKTvV787hrj2d5kylNQ7dGtTqVKluMsHUA87vdOiqVmRq/BHvz6HMzMUroMDVRFICtVBpZyHfq3etejcg/jxs0ahfulxEudE1SDOl02/8j6+3RmzMeYSB+KFsmzz/Ca2lqhceJTY0LyebeumK3d44N8fvKcTXTt8KbBNp5badWr3cu566n5Mxhf92ha11qqZhWFdfSzJbThjLu3bFesDN6oonBSsQ9WcJ/qFiueGOY1tGqESdX4P6Lo5dJV544Zrdi9Gy4b9y/ATiN2he9to6QC2R//O2yLXoHL2z3j8tPHActShfS3tm53+PTbhWnDPgV119XXqm5mc+f3zHdLzDxNGTByka1AHCx9I2UJ23aV3e+wa2+z/dU8N5XwZ9KtQUhicsj0kLYCrkz/+ShByrmO3wg8c3ezg1GXkpMGjv/ssW1/16eAT9Dl+nXu1m7t8Wuqvkags8/8xQ6pflStX7jesJ1aBeKGemhXB1fGTAgeGHNtOH6rQCKiB89CvqfPHzVn6XfO2NuhoGdJCofYn+5+4F43hRbXq1by3LQTzXSYPwVDj4l+J6LDHug3HwpA59NDQJtR3x/u07WKHyoTvR4+aNBiLoUfHX7Qs9p2LkwLkx1nQrW9HsutGTUzJNZnkm6Eayvky6Nfxa3GBiX7cnvwNzEzW7vl53gq32T9PRjrWoq0NEm/0Syd/O4xSq3bNkBMBURf2ghCDRjsSKmhV1WKeika0SIfGbYEbU6/GsR5LCtahBs5DvzBoQKLUvmvrmIz9hLRVqlRJ+SWMLAAxsm1jTepHfwlDF74rbiMSLusWjdHiOu1r9OKW1uZkSfdlU1GZ5D4GoxOIF7MXqOFcr2k4NfYl+2vr1CaiBv3yWD9HozlfWv168/715rDVp36L4fbMhyqhC+o7pMfOmA2R5/ZAm3wPeiP8+MkvZAW6KXRipJCUWO76FzI1SBu3JmR8ftIvBs58856+KclrqIfzzPhx9pIpUBYM9+RI2394r6HfODH/1q1nuCLgJ+RlID80DuNBZE9Y8ai0jrEnlsGvGHNoaVX57sdvLjz6LFXo2vErc3aQC8fQLzLw1FzOl1a/jlwMD0nbzvmZv9T/R4QBIUeY07OTdXS1W3dsMW3Bt/gJyTZ6rcTrIbLLy1HB1KLB1og1nFuRIc2oj1wMYzeWFOxCPZxn9AsDCEiST9ByOdKOnT683VetSB3ChKElufLVqkNzjELs2tmijiEh5A96JLtlDCf1jfQwXsmQDlzmr54pt2t16peKOF8q/XryKsc/dNW5B9y/5BV7+QDyZ+TG5N9ODvb4d2/ipgzpRX1k0cilz/wRh3/T7kRlfLmUgECiHpjkV6Nm9bN/xnNuRYb0eqr/oZVwLLvhpGALauM80a9Lj5NmeE5ExpSceUhOv3YcXl+zVo2w0zvRYUODDIz0yL0p5Fbov6cvHI86ho2oj5s5kqyCLZBXMtG7e29bmCEdUTaxtYy/EoQ6+n7yq5r1SxWcL5V+hZ8MjJTmpXwoiDeGkKQ++QdX7Tr/HcxnSB+ksG7RGIE0b9ywq/QiJQKJfzGWtGpmUb1GtYVrZnF+/EyBS+FYFmNJwSLUxnnwGWqFzAv51E9rZ2cU9dDPzEWT0PUihzJpUJdc40fZGbsRnTe5mRh0bCvqaCE/DRzVh9xqxFlALv5Cs5xHO2KzaMRG1D9+VBHnS9avl+/+hWpe/EtjHks5diucpGAokLYT0vfUjt+OPPeAF5kXU+BSOBbuZTGcFKyAh5yHDJXp6VmMMzDYlGvEecHcFhAG50vWr1M3koKPb+M8foIsB49vO3U9ia1YUrAFynlN4XzJ+rUnftPxXyM5N1uQJTUrYk+8H1uxpGALlPOawvkS9Ovdh9d+ISvo2/YqKnAs3AsnsxVOioqDcl6DOF+Cfl3/PT0wieNnVoVdAhP9bvyezkosKVgB5bwGcb4E/UrOiI46v5dzgxXL5tBVK7Z7cH4YFS9wL5zMSiwpWAG3nC8TsS/854j3toXOox0Vn+3ic4m+EJicHsVKsErQr9DU3XJPhLJV+g3rqWtQp9wTh0/+wdVpRO+MCs8wwWyHqwL3wsmsxJKCFaiO84qlnqmxvpFeHT2duvUMJ811LSsh1+1dYtvGen+y/664jRxymEPOl6Bfu2J8Tv52mHUDjt+O1K5TW0dXm5nPq6yFCfPFvxLLeku4beeWKwJ+IvXTv8cq3mZWZzn1W8zOmI2sxJKCFaiI80UW8vBqenbytsg1lSpVCj+zq3j9irt8oFr1asz7vMPHD2SeWdWgwiLnS9CvreFrVPEI8sI1s/oO6TFi4qDu/TozjV16t1+75+eufTtC1/oM7k4eMiZziShOgMOEmSzARLebYyf0ZgZGeh7rvs+QZuOde7ZDF9fJwT7s9M4M6VPLYICRiYG5lemFR4nzVrgxDMDqnXu1w94tmpqRVzpQyALzV80A1Tr2aEse/GOxwL1wMiuxpGAFKuJ8kYV5eejM77E1albHyFFWv6Yt+LZZqyaGxgZDv3GCxqHFxq4JZA7UHTVpsPuyqdo6tXX1dfBv0o1DEDUQFXkcuD36u6HM046yk+SQk2Vv4iZsp4GZyZbw1b4HvbE6/kUSpx6T2eV8CfrlF7KCebqdxWLbuim2HJjk9/mFiS9zdzRqYtrYptH6fUvhVjjXc8PnN+OVTYCjOH689DjJukVj+69ahZ7akfprZMK1z9Ox7ozdiNT67J/xCB6ZbwRda9PmjX9aO5vsl9kO+GHd0gpEQTa3ZvfiGrVqBB3bShaAbjq79A05EdC+a2vWX/+Ge+EKVmJJwQpUxPkiC/Py0FyvaehWYy8fkNUvjBJi0veBkHqGuuQlOZwF0C9w+8TdaHTwSAJcpgwFk7EFt58mNLG1BGlxRmBQOXHOaOa0YibJIWcTUgSQGacDxK7ngK/Qrw8Y2YfM16KewiLnS9AvnyAv1o8evoPjCEWQ6ZAZP4ijmaxn/GwXxCZD+QQ4ivp1IGULQhsQva7InSLjs//yEizUkxk/Mtshb2DEfkmvsDCZXAwL2LW3JbNigiIOTl1YdwiczEosKViBKjivrEC/SIalXae219YFGUquf6HjJK++xWTsB0uZ08F5tCPzeQecGrOXTGHYzsyuLjtJDpmZJ1X6aJv/oZW6BnXI7IZL/Oa1aGujNqtZ5DwH+deYqcMsrc0h/yhIXJnRn+zbWGSeiQzlE+Ao6hcSN/Qtcq9no28ZPsG5W9+OyLmK1y+sDg7JHiS6Jjk+gR+s6xfNv/gGNedf384cidyKueImyzd0545DHbo5dkL+taAk/UI3j4ELqe9J8GUWkz2tZM+mzWGrTBrWJfVl/j+qU7/Ul3+xfi3g/MMEBGP6wvEYDKJ8v/Q7iA6yYjlHIypffzswQ/kEOIr6hQE8Yib35I5544Zzl0/LkE7OK6tf5KV82e3sPbIJqzO3AiCUw8cPzFC9ftHrX3wDJ9e/mMLwLTh1a/Ua1chs0R17tC1Rv4zrGzHTEyCf0tXXIXUe6pf6rn+xfi9m7Z6fkTDLtnTo3nbUpMHE0d/MGJGenZyaFYFlyDhR2QQ4ivp14VEittBncPdjt8JRT7pxCDJfW7sW9C7tThQijVyP7LGXc9dJ7mPk6HLuQTzCCbHDAUSc3Y1cbNNB7wzV6xe9/8g3qP/+o2wLwzfQD2NAsB1jCHTDsxZPypDeLoeoHfwyn7Wsfo2cNLiTg/2Je9EoXft2dP5yPYuH+qW++4+sPwsDz85fNUO2Zdnm+egrIB9wdO9B3SyamunoakMmyBwSn69/aVVRnACnyOe/EFdzK9OatWqQFA8t+Furdk3E6ceVM6Bl5AIBRv4GRnpkEjFZeYJKgk8NzEygklPmjZXbUYZq9Is+/8U3qPn5L2X6hSTLrr0tzgXbNtaT5rqC0uSG0li34boGdbBYxv/qV+qvkRg04FRCQb529MtIgof6pb7nv9T5LDJxNAaYqTKvzjIeL/0EOMk3Q5kEO0M6ZSWZQhedKvO4LBZQ9iGP5MxDZHn1FBafRaZgBbx654Q5F2TpivGEsmk4T9yN5vZ5RjVznkfvPxY5mxqvPuCoikLff+Qb6PuPGsR5Hs0/sS1yjeIMbehM1DxFpDoLnX+Ch6DzT2gQ50sz/5cf599MFGqh83/xE5TzmsJ5Ov8ql4XOv8pPUM5rCud5Pf+9sOcSofPf8xY8nP9eGIWD+e8l6voWi9jmEqHfH+IzePXNLcEUDr4/JFHXt/BENZcInAmX0u8/8hb8+eapYIoqOM+j72+Lai4ROBMuZTGQFKyDJ9+cF0xRBedLq19v3r/eHLb61G8xqjNPPHOJwI1wJlzKbiwp2IUaOC+eoiLOl1a/gOPX4gITVfhcn3jmEoEb4Ux2A0mhCqia8+IpKuJ8GfSrUFIYnLI95Mu7o6wXkcwlAgcePLYdzmQ9lhSsQ9WcF0lRHefLoF9A3se3O2M2xlzarwojxTCXSMylfbtifeBG1gNJoSKolPNiKCrlfNn0C3jyMmdr+JqkzFDW7RT8XCIx6fvhOjhQFYGkUB1Ux3nBF1Vzvsz6BdzL/sUnyCvphvy7ihUswp5LJDnzEJz2KPc+6yGkUANUxHlhFzVwvjz6BeCYNgV7R19Q6zQjmjuXCEa+6IXu5dxiN3gU6gQnnNfcoh7Ol1O/gKevcvbE+SIPom/qF1PgnAMpW+Cop/RRVc0H5TzfOF9+/QLeF+SFn9yzK84n7S4v0hy+FbgFzgk7uQeOYitgFNyCcp5XnK+QfkmkN5hPZyYhUdx/dMup+7Gcu48nBa6AQ+AWOIc+KiEwUM7zh/MV1S+CvPx3qddiN4etCkkLYOZoFmeB+XACXAGHwC2suJeCh6Cc5wPn2dEvgpd5uQkXQzeHrgxM9Ev8vxDZSegFX2AsTIbhMB9OgCtYdCwFb0E5zy3n2dQvgrcfXqXfPhmcEuAXsmJHzIbwM7virwSlZkWc/TP+wsMj5EPWGl3SHyfDEJgDo2AaDISZMBYmw3CYz7pLKXgOynmuPM++fjHI//Thzl+Zqdfio07tCzzivy1y3ebQVb4HvX2CvFRXVgT8VLWqFv6qbhe+wd4wBObAKJgGA2EmjFWdJyk0BZTzaoYK9YsTrFnzee4w/OX6QCgo1AQxc15Q+lVQUGBqaopYmpmZ5efnc304FBQqh8g5Lyj9ioqK6tGjB2Lp4OAQGRnJ9eFQUKgcIue8oPQLgUQ4EUsSVK4Ph4JC5RA554WjXzdu3EAijXQasSRJNVq4PigKChWCcl44+jVlyhRyCROxxN+1a9dOnjyZ64OioFAhKOeFo18I3rt3n5/9JbFEHS1cHxQFhQpBOS8c/WJAYklBIR6IlvMCNFu0saQQLUTLeQGaLdpYUogWouW8AM0WbSwpRAvRcl6AZos2lhSihWg5L0CzRRtLCtFCtJwXoNmijSWFaCFazgvQbG5jef78+d27d8s15uTkeHp6cnI8FGKAaDkvfP1q1qxZfHy82va+ZcsWR0dHucabN29Wr15dbcdAITaIlvPC16/c3NwPH9Q30RrVLwr1Q7ScF75+DRgw4MSJE6g8evRo+PDhhoaGFhYWb9++lVvL29t75cqVpO7j47No0SJSRw5saWlpbGwcExNDWsLCwqysrOrVq7dp0ybS8vHjRzc3NyMjow4dOkyfPl1ZLHEYdnZ2WNHPzw+NISEhQ4YMYZaZOnVqbGwsKx6gEBtEy3nh6xeTSyMqs2fPLigouH//Pv7KrTVr1qw5c+aQuoeHB3kP9tq1awjk69ev0aE9ffpUIu3ZwIbMzMysrCwDA4NXrz7P/L1nzx57e/vbt28/ePCge/fuRcaySpUqrq6uV65cQSBRf/bsWXZ2tpaW1t27d7HAkydPdHV1X7x4oRKPUAgdouW8iPRr8eLF7du3RyCLXKvIWF6/fr127dpxcXHMYuhA+vXrd0+Kzp07Jycno3H06NHovsgCynLpatWqocsi/6IrI1PNYVPLly9HBQEeN25cBQ2nEC1Ey3kR6dfLly/RG1StWnXZsmWKM+0WGUsgICAA4YTTkYrjX7TXr1+/4xcEBgaiEVl0amoqWb401wIGDhzo5eWFSlBQkI2NDSpt2rRJS0tjx34K8UG0nBeRfhGcP38eA/vo6Gi5tRBLZNqkjoG97DxK//zzD2I5ZswY1BcuXOjg4CC3bosWLfbt20fqpYllkyZNjh8/jgpScRAFqbiFhUVhIf1MN0U5IVrOi0i/4FByU6Zbt25IieXWQjKMIKGPwk/wL4nlw4cPySUAf3//YcOGSaRXBzCAP3bsGOrwPvo3VNzd3Z2cnHJzczMzM21tbZVdCwCNUE9PT69Vq1ZeXh75aezYsdgdukf2HUEhGoiW8yLSr/HjxyPpRb/h7OzMDMsZIGzW1tba2touLi7z5s0jsYyIiNDX17ezs0Oum5GRQZZEt6Onp4fxvKmp6Y4dO9CSlZVlbm6O3sbe3h5RKTKW2A7Chk3VrFkT+TnzU1JSUuXKlf/44w+23UAhIoiW88LXL1mgByC9hzIo3g1Bh/PkyRPFxuzs7E+fPhW/GIOCggKy5efPn79//172p8jIyN69exdzSBQUJUK0nBeXfvEQXbp0CQ4O5vooKDQbouW8JpldSmhQLJHSx8bGkinMKSjKDdFyXmPMLj00KJYUFKxAtJwXoNmijSWFaCFazgvQbNHGkkK0EC3nBWi2aGNJIVqIlvMCNFu0saQQLUTLeQGaLdpYUogWouW8AM0WbSwpRAvRcl6AZos2lhSihWg5L0CzRRtLCtFCtJwXoNmijSWFaCFazgvQbNHGkkK0EC3nBWi2aGNJIVqIlvMCNFu0saQQLUTLeQGaLdpYUogWouW8Cs3O//Th9l+Zx6/FRZ3aF3jEf1vkus2hq3yDvX2CvFRa+n/dS6XbhwkwBObAKJgGA2EmjFWdJyk0BZTzagb7+vX2w6v02yeDUwL8QlbsjN0YfmZX/JWg1KyIs3/GX3h4JP1xckbOUY0uMAGGwBwYBdNgIMyEsTAZhsN81l1KwXNQznPleTb162VebvzF0M2hKwOT/BKvh1z4zxHO/a62AmNhMgyH+XACXMGiYyl4C8p5bjnPjn7l5b9LvRqzOWxVSNr28w8TOPcshwXmwwlwBRwCt7DiXgoegnKeD5yvqH4VSgpPZyZtDV+zP2XzqfuxnLuSJwWugEPgFjgHLmIlVBQ8AeU8fzhfIf16X5AXfnLvrjiftLvRnLuPhwVugXPgIjiKrYBRcAvKeV5xvvz69fTV37vjNx1I2SKAy5OqK3AOXLQnzhfuYjFsFJyAcp5vnC+nft3LubUlfE3UxUDOnVV8Sc48NOH70ZwfBhzle9D7Ue59doNHoU5oCud5UtTD+fLoF47JJ8gL0qBmjzRsVH/d3iWkPmXeWCMTA+YnkwZ1E64GK65y6OT2qtWqch5LlKQbh+C0e9m/sB5CCjVAdZyvZ2qsZ6hbR0+nc892m8NWcU5UzeJ8mfXrycvsreFrYtL3q98dQ1z7u0wZSuodurWpVKlS3OUDqIed3mnR1KzIVfijX5/DmRkK18GBqggkheqgUs5Dv1bvWnTuQfz4WaNQv/Q4iXOiahDny6ZfeR/f7ozZGHOJA/FCWbZ5fhNbS1QuPEpsaF7PtnXTlTs88O8P3tOJrh2+FNimU0vtOrV7OXc9dT8m44t+bYtaa9XMwrCuPpbkNpwxl/btivWBG1UUTgrWoWrOE/1CxXPDnMY2jVCJOr8HdN0cusq8ccM1uxejZcP+ZfgJxO7QvW20dADbo3/nbZFrUDn7Zzx+2nhgOerQvpb2zU7/HptwLbjnwK66+jr1zUzO/P75Dun5hwkjJg7SNaiDhQ+kbCG77tK7PXaNbfb/uqeGcr4M+lUoKQxO2R6SFsDVyR9/JQg517Fb4QeObnZw6jJy0uDR332Wra/6dPAJ+hy/zr3azV0+LfXXSFSW+f+YIdWvypUr9xvWE6tAvFBPzYrg6vhJgQNDjm2nD1VoBNTAeejX1Pnj5iz9rnlbG3S0DGmhUPuT/U/ci8bwolr1at7bFoL5LpOHYKhx8a9EdNhj3YZjYcgcemhoE+q7433adrFDZcL3o0dNGozF0KPjL1oW+87FSQHy4yzo1rcj2XWjJqbkmkzyzVAN5XwZ9Ov4tbjARD9uT/4GZiZr9/w8b4Xb7J8nIx1r0dYGiTf6pZO/HUapVbtmyImAqAt7QYhBox0JFbSqajFPRSNapEPjtsCNqVfjWI8lBetQA+ehXxg0IFFq37V1TMZ+QtoqVaqk/BJGFoAY2baxJvWjv4ShC98VtxEJl3WLxmhxnfY1enFLa3OypPuyqahMch+D0QnEi9kL1HCu1zScGvuS/bV1ahNRg355rJ+j0ZwvrX69ef96c9jqU7/FcHvmQ5XQBfUd0mNnzIbIc3ugTb4HvRF+/OQXsgLdFDoxUkhKLHf9C5kapI1bEzI+P+kXA2e+eU/flOQ11MN5Zvw4e8kUKAuGe3Kk7T+819BvnJh/69YzXBHwE/IykB8ah/EgsieseFRax9gTy+BXjDm0tKp89+M3Fx59lip07fiVOTvIhWPoFxl4ai7nS6tfRy6Gh6Rt5/zMX+r/I8KAkCPM6dnJOrrarTu2mLbgW/yEZBu9VuL1ENnl5ahgatFga8Qazq3IkGbURy6GsRtLCnahHs4z+oUBBCTJJ2i5HGnHTh/e7qtWpA5hwtCSXPlq1aE5RiF27WxRx5AQ8gc9kt0yhpP6RnoYr2RIBy7zV8+U27U69UtFnC+Vfj15leMfuurcA+5f8oq9fAD5M3Jj8m8nB3v8uzdxU4b0oj6yaOTSZ/6Iw79pd6IyvlxKQCBRD0zyq1Gz+tk/4zm3IkN6PdX/0Eo4lt1wUrAFtXGe6Nelx0kzPCciY0rOPCSnXzsOr69Zq0bY6Z3osKFBBkZ65N4Uciv039MXjkcdw0bUx80cSVbBFsgrmejdvbctzJCOKJvYWsZfCUIdfT/5Vc36pQrOl0q/wk8GRkrzUj4UxBtDSFKf/IOrdp3/DuYzpA9SWLdojECaN27YVXqREoHEvxhLWjWzqF6j2sI1szg/fqbApXAsi7GkYBFq4zz4DLVC5oV86qe1szOKeuhn5qJJ6HqRQ5k0qEuu8aPsjN2IzpvcTAw6thV1tJCfBo7qQ2414iwgF3+hWc6jHbFZNGIj6h8/qojzJevXy3f/QjUv/qUxj6UcuxVOUjAUSNsJ6Xtqx29HnnvAi8yLKXApHAv3shhOClbAQ85Dhsr09CzGGRhsyjXivGBuCwiD8yXr16kbScHHt3EeP0GWg8e3nbqexFYsKdgC5bymcL5k/doTv+n4r5Gcmy3IkpoVsSfej61YUrAFynlN4XwJ+vXuw2u/kBX0bXsVFTgW7oWT2QonRcVBOa9BnC9Bv67/nh6YxPEzq8IugYl+N35PZyWWFKyAcl6DOF+CfiVnREed38u5wYplc+iqFds9OD+Mihe4F05mJZYUrEDVnE+8HjJz0STn0Y57Enw5px8nJfpCYHJ6FCvBKkG/QlN3yz0RylbpN6ynrkGdck8cPvkHV6cRvTMqPMMEsx2uCtwLJ7MSSwpWUEHOmzSsu2qnZ/HM/2bGiP3J/lEX+JgZaBbnS9CvXTE+J387zLoBx29HatepraOrzcznVdbC6M7FvxLLeku4beeWKwJ+IvXTv8cq3mZWZzn1W8zOmI2sxJKCFVSQ8yXqVx09HYhXubcfd/lAterVKvihI1Y2wgfOl6BfW8PXqOIR5IVrZvUd0mPExEHd+3VmGrv0br92z89d+3aErvUZ3J08ZEzmElGcAIfRL7IAE5Vujp3ADwMjPY9132dIh5mde7bTN9Lr5GAfdnpnhvSpZUTOyMTA3Mr0wqPEeSvcmKeWsXrnXu2wd4umZuSVDhSywPxVM+qZGnfs0ZY8+MdigXvhZFZiScEKKsh5Rr+KZA4qlSpVqm9mAv5nKMxgM23Bt81aNTE0Nhj6jVN69n9vIEz4fnQDMxNweH3g587exq4JtgD2jpo0mNkLlgHtyRbcfppAVnRfNnXinP9OPuwb7NW0eeOatWo0NK8Xk75PbiNFrqU4jc/KHR4NG9XHaTjXaxpPOF+CfvmFrGCebmex2LZuii0HJvl9fmHiy9wdjZqYNrZptH7f0i3hqxEwzw2f34xXNgGO4vjx0uMk6xaN7b9qFXpqR+qvkQnXPk/HujN24664jWf/jAc/yHwj6FoRyJ/Wzib7ZbYDuli3tAJvkM0hWjVq1Qg6tpUsgIA5u/QNORHQvmtr1l//hnvhClZiScEKKsh5Rr+KZA7YW71GNTA8Vfp8htwMNhgWQFzAQD1DXfJWHEiIcwF9OZY/discLTgRID2gN3kwG3vRNagzfrZLxNnd+HfkpMHMHJ9oHDymX4b0vZQqVapA49LuRB2+FHjm91i5jRS5ltw0PjgAXX0d2IKtQSsrkqKyyPkS9MsnyIt18YIL6tYzJBRBpkNm/CCxZLIeOJF0UMomwFHUrwMpWxCSgOh1Re4UGZ/9l5dgoZ7M+JHZDnkDI/ZLeoWFyeRiWMCuvS2ZFRN9lINTF9YdAiezEksKVlBBzsvqV5HMqVGzOukaM5TPYAO9I++6HTy+DV3phv3LmJ9iMvaDqMwZgb0gfWN+LVKJUEH6xiR0ihtRpl+y0/h4b1uIQUzUhb0oLe2bQYD4wHkO8q8xU4dZWpsjG0JBHsuM/mTfxiLzTGQonwBHUb+QuKG7kHs9G33F8AnO3fp2RM5VvH5hde06tWUPsueArzL+9wL/7CVTWNcvmn/xDSzmX0UyR06/ZN9ARP/tONShm2Mn5F8LvryrCyGDhEE7yJBCUb9kb0AVqUT9h/eS420p9Uv21EMjBrbMDDw/b/qBD5xX9/Wv8w8TEJvpC8djMIjy/dLvIDrIZuViiVz3628HKjqRmQBHUb+Q5SIkck/uYOg+d/nnsTpGo7L6RV7Kl93O3iObsDrT20Aoh48fWAwL2Sr0+hffwNb1r7LqV3DqVgwtyfTQHXu0XSAz18DRX8KgX5C2jFLoF7mkhQICEyUaN3NkPVNj2YNU1C/FteROvW9njiSTu/KK8+q+/7h2z8/NWjWRbUH2S3yHWH4zYwSy3NSsCCxDxonKJsBR1K8LjxKxhT6Dux+7FY560o1DkPna2rWgdxj2O492RK5H9tjLuesk9zFy4T/3IB7Mg9jhACLO7kYutumgdzEsZKvQ+498A1v3H8uqX+CbkYkB6I1BA/rdWYsnZUjnTCeXveatcCNbOP17LGTu4JcpreX0y33ZVKgM+I8eGlkbUSJyaQUDVZwROBdgndxGilxLTr9wzBhOki8k4RypyF179d1/ZP35r659O85fNUO2Zdnm+br6OpAPxLL3oG4WTc10dLURKjKHxOfrX1pVFCfAKfL5L8TD3Mq0Zq0aJMVDC/7Wql0TlPpx5QxoGWiERv9DKw2M9MgkYrLhh0qim2pgZgKGTZk3VpEfqtAv+vwX38DW819l1S9kQ3btbUF+2zbWk+a6gsNYDCNKtID81i0a7/vy1MVYt+G6BnWw/QwF/YLeQftwCvQd0mPs9OFEiVA81n0PYQLtsSLZu+xGilxL8cnKJX7z0K83bFTfuL4Rub/POed59Pw9iSUGmKkyr84yTiz9BDjJN0NlH2xBR0Gm0EW3wzwuiwWUfcgjOfMQWV49hcVnkSlYAbfvnDDkZ/iJZEfxCUekUcXMxEnuKsoVsFpuBh65jRS5llzBwWBkU8GPvKnv+Xt1vgtW5GxqvPqAoyoKff+Rb6DvP2oQ53k0/8S2yDWKM7Qhe1LzFJHqLHT+CR6Czj+hQZwvzfxffpx/M1Gohc7/xU9QzmsK5+n8q1wWOv8qP0E5rymc53j+ezHPJULnv+cteDj/vTAKB/PfSyrwLZYSP3Ai5rlE6PeH+AxefXNLMIWD7w9JKvAtvNRfI4uf4Uu0c4nAmXAp/f4jb8Gfb54KpqiC86r9/naX3u3J5+roXCJyBc6ES1kMJAXr4Mk35wVTVMH50urXm/evN4etPvVbTJmOmBk/0rlEZAvcCGfCpezGkoJdlI/ztKiT86XVL+D4tbjAxLI91yerX3QuEabAjXAmu4GkUAXKwXla1Mn5MuhXoaQwOGV7yJd3PktTZPWLziVCChx48Nh2OJP1WFKwjnJwnhZ1cr4M+gXkfXy7M2ZjzKX9pTzucuuXUOcSibm0b1esD9zIeiApVISycp4WdXK+bPoFPHmZszV8TVJmaGkOvdz6Jci5RGLS98N1cKAqAkmhOpSJ87Sok/Nl1i/gXvYvPkFeSTfk31VULOXWL+HNJZKceQhOe5R7n/UQUqgBpec8LerkfHn0C8AxbQr2jlbxQ6eCmUsEA2H0QvdybrEbPAp1Qj2cF0xRD+fLqV/A01c5e+J8kb/QN/WLKXAORqxw1FP6qKrmg3Keb5wvv34B7wvywk/u2RXnk1aKbEWEBW6Bc8JO7oGj2AoYBbegnOcV5yukXxLpDebTmUlIFPcf3XLqfizn7uNJgSvgELgFzqGPSggMlPP84XxF9YsgL/9d6rXYzWGrQtICin/hUfAF5sMJcAUcArew4l4KHoJyng+cZ0e/CF7m5SZcDN0cujIw0S/x/0LU/EY0twXGwmQYDvPhBLiCRcdS8BaU89xynk39Inj74VX67ZPBKQF+ISt2xGwIP7Mr/kpQalbE2T/jLzw8UsGZ//lQ0h8nwxCYA6NgGgyEmTAWJsNwmM+6Syl4Dsp5rjzPvn4xyP/04c5fmanX4qNO7Qs84r8tct3m0FW+B719grxUXfp/3Ut1G/cN9oYhMAdGwTQYCDNhrOo8SaEpoJxXM1SoXxyiUiVh2kVBoQzi5LwwbRZnLCnEDHFyXpg2izOWFGKGODkvTJvFGUsKMUOcnBemzeKMJYWYIU7OC9NmccaSQswQJ+eFabM4Y0khZoiT88K0WZyxpBAzxMl5YdoszlhSiBni5LwwbRZnLCnEDHFyXpg2izOWFGKGODkvTJvFGUsKMUOcnBemzeKMJYWYIU7OC9NmccaSQswQJ+eFabM4Y0khZoiT88K0WZyxpBAzxMl5YdoszlhSiBni5LwwbRZnLCnEDHFyXpg2izOWFGKGODkvTJvFGUsKMUOcnBemzeKMJYWYIU7OC9NmccaSQswQJ+eFabM4Y0khZoiT88K0WZyxpBAzxMl5YdoszlhSiBni5LwwbRZnLCnEDHFyXpg2izOWFGKGODkvTJvFGUsKMUOcnBemzeKMJYWYIU7OC9NmccYS8AnyokUNhes4FwFxcl6YNoszlhKpfmXkHKVFpYXqF38gTJvFGUsJ1S+qXyKDMG0WZywlVL+ofokMwrRZnLGUUP2i+iUyCNNmccZSQvWL6pfIIEybxRlLCdWv8pb07ORSNlL94hWEabM4Yynhq35tDl21YruHYvvCNbMCk/xY2UVFNnXpcdKg0Y5T54+TbcS/aMRPVL/4DGHaLM5YSlSgXw0b1V+3dwmpT5k31sjEgPnJpEHdhKvBpdnI5B9cnUb0Vmxv27nloo3usi0Tvh/db1hPUj90cjviuDveh/w7dvrwucunlX5TZRIv7Ah/mYQLFaZRUcKofvEHwrRZnLGUqEC/hrj2d5kylNQ7dGsDx8ZdPoB62OmdFk3NSrmR0ouO/6GVhsb/lUiPdd9jd3OWfkf+bWzTKPTUjtO/x564F82WfsmKl5xOFfMT1S/+QJg2izOWEhXo17LN85vYWqJy4VFiQ/N6tq2brtzhgX9/8J5OdA1y1rlXOx1dbcjZ6l2LyFrzVriNmzkSyVQdPR05/Tp8KbBVh+a6+jrOLn2xNTnROfnbYS2tKhFnd6M+YGSfrn079nLuivqR/ztIUj+y5WI2df5hwoiJg3QN6kDvDqRsKZ94Fb8A1S/+QJg2izOWEhXoV/yVIDjz2K3wA0c3Ozh1GTlp8OjvPsvWV306+AQtxzjLuqXV0G+cUn4JW7N7cY1aNYKObSWCBQUZP9uFKJGsfnXu2Q4bQQ6FVAvq5rlhjtweW7S1QeaFinnjhpsOehPZWuI3b+CoPqXZ1GLfudDT1KwIKGy3vh1LI14QRygdStKNQ+RXVEgLflKUMKpf/IEwbRZnLCWquX7fwMxk7Z6fkfjM/nky0jHoy7kH8dp1aiNX+v/2zgUmqiuN451hgGHoKoIPKkEsBnEpLWW1YqtFTcEHCVKyK0hYmrpFTbFibGtVkoKPrNvdUCDushoUGt0xLKPlsSKJKG2x0HViDMGUWndZiqXBiI/4iG90+pdTb8jMMIyscM895/vlhJx775k793DO/L7vXIcrbIVfdVXfihIl+tUXmd1gmRlzXlbOoEjn+A813kYvOJHtd7roy8j6XdyS2NoWM1KqL9srdTodUrz4pLl5Oz5051SvL4hZu3nFgeY9ZXVFvs+avvmp1mmnIERc+cRJgcgrMz9If6YP5RZ+/z2PEs9JgajjJeQv3hCzz3KOpW14/IXUY+nyxDcSX99V+RfL17s9DB6f/mNL1MwXcOjPZR9DZErL1MykuYtetTrc8FI2iw9+gpWmst+pv5Bz+Y/1w1IUb4pNrF63Fn802n8US44GPZWPyYiV469fnspK9WO3Uv4lJGL2Wc6xtA2Pvz4ueh9GmBA0rvF/VVgwwhovvRKx4sPf49CeQwX4VWPxyFpiUZmcsdiFv8q/2oX2yg14SNDRXziq1+uxNoS2sInFKd4uNDzEzVMhW/zgj++60y+6/yUAYvZZzrG0DY+/sDzE7xOrObY5MzYam3tqC1DHQnL8xLFr81bAaxXHS5CLIXty4S+UgPFjsnMzm388lPPpWqOPt+P9L5RpUWF4i0rrZ6jDSqinrUx281RvZ6ciZWPrSgi36dy/hqYwzf37Ixbaal+CCoj5OSd/Pd2C5Iut5phB4CnlvlJJTT6OIuvxNnr9YV2ao2XsNjd88h5WoNBNyjtLnOZfKOnv/hZLSFY3NxRjNAvNW908FZyVkBJn8DQgZxz/3NiB1o9OPaXp73+Rv8RBzrG0qff9+7rW/c1dzu+UO5bGjuov/vv5U3nfgU6F/cqqdtAiwPfvOzs7TSaT2lehAuQvoeDz74f4L5r++0cmL/xU+0JUQEx/STuc5K8RKLz5yyZxwBbTX9JGJPKXhP6SdrbbRPWXTdaIRP6SzV+NjY0BAQH4qfaFqIOY/pI2ImndX3Wt+996L0X1y9CKvySXl01Uf9lkHVqu/DWEZ+/s/+LvBk+D6leuCX/JOcPtENZfNikHmCt/DeHZO+SvQWFrC/wy5Vxh2CGyv2zyKYwrfw367J3P/10aNfMF31+Z5iW89mV7peKvvx34U2h4iP9YP7RUvReOZcGb855RA51OR9qyQ3B/2SSLV1z5y/Wzd1CJmfebtXkr6r+zoJJb9D7zFz6l8Ulz8RLIC/X6tgrVO2JXOFk/EjYZ/KWgiIzFMSFBaqD6x7t/cfHsHRQfk9HcUHygeQ/7sjvzl4fBo/nHQ+zlEycFbi/JUb0X5C9ukchfMsBV/mV1+eydQvNWTy9P5UE3C96ca3W4/4VMze7Pengo5C9+IH8JBW/+cvHsnc/qivR6fW2LuX97O38FhTz314rtqveC/MUt5C+h4M1fLp6909xVOzksOOWdJY0d1dg89v0B6+P7X+z/HCo9XOht9Dr+Q43qvSB/cQv5Syh485fV5bN3yr/aFRbxPJKy4Ocnvtb3rHr4C5tYS4aGh3h5e67fnqX69WvLX01NTSUlJXY7z58/v3HjRlWuZ7ghfwkFh/4atBz59p8sBUOB2hrOPnqk6tEzlq87ucu8huCv8PDwmpqa4RtxO3bs2BEXF2e38/Tp015eXiN2DSMJ+WskGLGoqEV/aa48kb8uX7589+7dpzvKLiB/SYGoUZH8xZu/Fi1a1NDQgEpXV1dycrK/v39ISMjNmzftmm3ZsmXbtm2/DGJ+/qZNm1gdEW7y5Mnjxo2rrKxke8rLy0NDQydMmFBQUMD23Lt3b9WqVQEBATNmzFi5cuVAMw2XERkZiRcWFhZip9lsTkxMVNpkZmZWVVW53y9OkNRfokZF8hdv/lIiJUy0evXq3t7e9vZ2/LRrlpWVtWbNGlbfsGHD8uXLUTl16hTkdePGDUzXixcv2vrmLQzY2tra1tY2ZsyY69evY+fu3bujo6PPnDnT2dk5Z84cpzNNr9cvW7bs5MmTkBfqly5d6u7u9vDwOHv2LBr09PSMGjXq6tWrQ5x26iGpv0SNiuQvbv2Vk5Mzffp0yMtpM6f+amlpMZlM1dXVSjNMj/j4+P/0ERMTU1dXh50pKSmYnKzBQJHS09MTE5JtYqJaLBZUcKq8vDxUMPfS09Pd7xQ/SOovUaMi+Ytbf127dg1jbTAYcnNz79+/785MA8XFxVAYRINAi03sDwwMfOUxpaWl2IkYWV9fz9q7k+kvXrx48+ZHXdi7d+/UqVNRiYqKOnbsmPud4gfZ/SVYVCR/cesvRlNTE9L2gwcP2jXDTEMcZXWk7Yq/wIULFzAlUlNTUV+/fn1sbKzdayMiIsrKyljdHX9NmTLl6NGjqCDQYiYj0GLx8fDhQ/c7xQ+y+0uwqEj+4tZfGG52y3X27NkIePYDl58PMWEG4hCmFptp586dYwl+UVFRUlKSrS/3R3p+5MgR1GEczF5UsrOzFy5ciEUAVgDTpk0bKNOHOlE/ceKEj4/P7du32aG0tDS8HSb/E00zfpDdXwxhoiL5i1t/ZWRkIKRhViQkJChJtwJUFRYW5uvru3Tp0nXr1rGZVlFR4efnFxkZiUhmtVpZS0yq0aNHI1sPCgrauXMn9rS1tQUHB2MuRUdHw0ROZxrOA1XhVEajEdFXOXT48GGdTtfR0fFE04wfZPeXYFGR/MWbv/qD8WVzYyAc73ViOvX09Dju7O7ufvDggetmCr29vezMV65cuXPnTv9DFotl/vz5bl4/h8juL8GiIvmLZ39xyKxZs/bt26f2VQwdSf3VH5GiIvmL/OU+CNhVVVW3bt1S+0KGDvmLR4YcFclf5C+pIH9xx/8TFclf5C+pIH8JBfmL/CUV5C+hIH+Rv6SC/CUU5C/yl1SQv4SC/EX+kgryl1CQv8hfUkH+EgryF/lLKshfQkH+In9JBflLKMhf5C+pIH8JBT5aVEagqD3OxC+QvwiC0CrkL4IgtAr5iyAIrUL+IghCq5C/CILQKuQvgiC0CvmLIAitQv4iCEKrkL8IgtAq5C+CILQK+YsgCK3yMzmhIf3+xuS+AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC){width="270"
height="298"}Figure 3: Web Application Model

The *web application operator*, *web application user*, *web
application*, *web application platform*, and *web application
infrastructure* can be considered as the application operator,
application user, application, application platform, and application
infrastructure of the Application Model. The web application
infrastructure includes communications infrastructure to access the
World-Wide Web.

The web application user interacts with the web application using
browser content that consists of HTML with scripts (e.g., written in
Javascript) and applications (known as applets) downloaded from the
server.

The *browser platform* is the client-side web platform. It supports the
browser content and enables the user to interact with the web
application through that content. It uses the browser infrastructure.

The *browser infrastructure* consists of communications and other
infrastructure on the client that is used by the browser platform,
including to access the World-Wide Web.

As use of the World-Wide Web became more sophisticated, the Web Service
Model emerged. It is described in the next chapter.

Web Services
============

Web Service Model
-----------------

The essence of the web service model is that a web service exposes an
API on the World-Wide Web, for use by software programs. This is
illustrated [below (in Figure 4)](#fig_web_service).

![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="382"
height="322"}<span id="fig_web_service" class="anchor"><span
id="_Ref339711618" class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 4: Web Service
Model

A *web service* is a software application or component that is
web-accessible, which signifies that it provides a network-accessible
service interface based on the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).

A *web service API* is an interface by which another system interacts
with a web service using the World-Wide Web. There are two styles of web
service API that are comprehended by this Standard: SOAP and REST.

The *web service provider* is an enterprise or person that makes the web
service available to the web service consumer. It is the operator of the
web service. The provider often has a business relationship with the
consumer, and may offer the service under commercial terms. When the
service is offered free-of-charge, this may be under terms of a license
that the consumer is deemed to accept.

The *web service consumer* is a person or enterprise that uses the
service and in most cases has a contractual relationship with the
provider. (This relationship may be implicit rather than being stated in
a written contract.) Generally, each consumer is treated separately by
the service, and different consumers may have different rights to use
facilities and access information.

The *web service consumer program* is a program that interacts with the
web service and is used by the consumer.

The *web service platform* supports the web service and enables it to
use the underlying web service infrastructure.

The *web service infrastructure* provides the processing, storage, and
other infrastructure capabilities that the web service needs, including
access to the World-Wide Web.

The *web service consumer platform* supports the web service consumer
program and enables it to use the underlying web service consumer
infrastructure.

The *web service consumer infrastructure* provides the processing,
storage, and other infrastructure capabilities that the web service
consumer program needs, including access to the World-Wide Web.

Web Service Application Model
-----------------------------

A frequently-encountered pattern is that of an application that exposes
capabilities through an API as a web service. This is illustrated in the
[next figure (Figure 5)](#fig_web_service_application).

<span id="fig_web_service_application" class="anchor"><span
id="_Ref339715576" class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 5: Web Service
Application
Model![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAzkAAAIgCAIAAAAp3jCpAACr1klEQVR4nOydB1wUx/v/VbAXmihFBFGsKGJPVIyxY+yiEJNYYvRriV+NGtGvsccWFNQQKyiKhaJYQFHRmKhRQYIYjSUGNUSwACpG6sH9P9783D+5O6Rc2b3d5/2aF69hbnZv9pnPPvPMbZkKcoIgCIIgCEKoVOC7AQRBEARBEESxUKxGEARBEAQhXChWIwiCIAiCEC4UqxEEQRAEQQgXitUIgiAIgiCEC8VqBEEQBEEQwoViNYIgCIIgCOFCsRpBEARBEIRwoViNIAiCIAhCuJQQqx07tujoUUq6TTCyfjqbKA2kedI8QQgZ8lES9FElxGposVweRUmnSWFkQiiQ5knzBCFkyEdJ0EdRrMZ/EpomJA5pnjRPEEKGfJQEfRTFavwnoWlC4pDmSfMEIWTIR0nQR1Gsxn8SmiYkDmmeNE8QQoZ8lAR9FMVq/CehaULikOZJ8wQhZMhHSdBHUazGfxKaJiQOaZ40TxBChnyUBH2UyGO11NQ93t4evDfDsDQhcfjVfCkVm5t7+M6dbXl5R3hXL2meIPQM+SgJ+ihDitUcHa0OHlzA8t9842ltbcZ91KCBxV9/7VLd5Pp1/ypVjPXWwvz8o3PmDG/Z0q6COmrWrFqvnsmAAe0zM8OErAmJo0XN60ixCxd6tmhh16OHs6lpzcjIxeVuHvYzZswHpHmCMCzIR0nQRxlSrDZhQp8vvxzE8h9+2KZixQoPHgQif/Pm5ubNG6jdRJ+x2vPnIeh49Pq1a5tksqNcORSA8qVLx/z9dxASMo0a1S8qC6FpQuJoUfO6UCy2tbCo/c8/B+UKH/T69cFyNw87efkyrNybk+YJghfIR0nQRxlSrBYU9FXr1vas+2HW9u2b7N//Nf719f2Cqe3evR3durU0MakxfPj7r16Fc6o6c2als7N9/fqmqKm75g0Z0mXu3BGq5QjYp0//qGgJZIFCwWpC4mhR87pQLCpUqlQxNtZXqRx7xhQZm6xfP5GV+PlNwmzS29vDzKzWvn1zx47txVXGVPX06RWsAiuBg/7oo46oCae2efM0tW0jzROEECAfJUEfZUix2sOHOxH1P3u2Ly7ODx0wderAGTMGM6Ozdvbr127duonp6QeQ2bVrFicaT083bAJJIZ+Wtl9HzbO2Nrt/P1C1HMJC2F60BP+iULCakDha1LyOFPvxxz2qVasML1ZYGMlKsAdz81qJid9jRgtfxmaHCxd6YnY7b97IW7e2PHq0u2pVY7YryA91srIOcdcXCgqOubg06tHD+bff/LGr5OQgtW0jzROEECAfJUEfZUixGpKDQ73w8AVQwOrV4zAh6NSpaU7OYYTV6HikWrWqQQp3725bsuTjceN6M1VVrmzE3d6IoD401FtHbRONJiSOdjWvI8WuWjUWU9sRI95n1xeCg+f06dMW+0Hq3LnZ8eNL5Qo/2KuXC7fJBx+03rLlzWR07drxn3/eV17kXpCrV/0qVKhw9uxKrrLatpHmCUIIkI+SoI8ysFgN/TF9+kceHt1++mn17dtboZjIyMXdurXER+h7ROUdOzqx5OXVQ65yZR1zBXSqjtqGSQkmE6rl+NKlS8cULcEhCPm3VomjXc3rTrFXrqy3sjJjP++PH98beW5XAQH/lavclgsnCFeITOvW9mhM0QoREQsxOc7OjuAqq20baZ4ghAD5KAn6KAOL1XbunNmqVcOGDS0RqhcWRpqa1uzatQWzeGysr5FRpUePdhetr6Sqxo2tTp9eoaO2QUYI/Hv0cFa6hxHROsqhA+4eRvwr5HsYJY52Na9TxcJFtm/fBBl4Qzc3Z6VPlfxgWtp+uLaoqCWYRrMLE1wFtASavHx5HVdZbdtI8wQhBMhHSdBHGVisdv9+IAzK+h6pT5+2+PfSpTf9l59/tEULuxkzBmdlHZIrnv6Qv72yfuHCd8ijm6tXr1I0MNd6gtbZs8HGxpXe8Wyw0k+vQtOExNGu5rWu2N9/35yY+L1ccQPHRx91HD26O/Lx8Rvgtk6eXI48fBx7ckr1cXdor35902++8ZT/21GiJc2a2Y4c2fXZs33Ip6TsUds20jxBCAHyURL0UQYWqyEh/Oce30BHmpjU4ILlGzd+cHFphGmBk5ONu3sHpir86+XVw9nZvlq1yv7+U3hvv2oSmiYkjtY1r13F7tkzG5NazDubNLEePLjzw4c7WXlg4Ezs2dHRytbWgj0kpeoHg4K+gm+6e3cb1xiuAiadTZvawG3VrVtn2bJP1LaNNE8QQoB8lAR9lOHFaiUmxN0s0EaC4F68CEUmI+NATs5h3ttmEJqQOPrXfFkViwnl7dtbVd9ahNkqppuYy5a7JY8fByu9Z7xo20jzBCEEyEdJ0EeJMFYzuCQ0TUgc0jxpniCEDPkoCfooitX4T0LThMQhzZPmCULIkI+SoI+iWI3/JDRNSBzSPGmeIIQM+SgJ+iiK1fhPQtOExCHNk+YJQsiQj5KgjzLUWC06etm+fXN5b4YoNSFxSPOkeYIQMnrwUTLZ0Xv3djx4EKjJcwAGnYTmo3iL1Tw93SwsaufmlvPZTO5RXqX38pV7P6QJgkGaJ80ThJDRaaz2zz8HZ80aWr++ac+ebXr0cLayMps9exi/7oJ8lJyvWC0j44CJSQ1T05oHDy4o3x648Qbh/9On+8q0bffurfbuncvy0CV7KR9pgmCQ5knzBCFkdBqrTZjQ5/33W3DLsRcUHEtN3cOvuyAfJecrVvP3nzJqVPcpU9wHDerEFfbv3z48fIG7eweMZyNHdn31KhyFd+5sc3a2P3NmJf4i0vf1/YJV5sYtVoEVPngQ+NFHHc3MatWrZ8JetRcdvaxvX1dLyzp9+rS9eXMzShYt8qpa1dja2qxpU5v8/KN+fpPmzBnObd6vXzt8e/PmDUJC5rFCVmHjxskNG1r27t0WdUSvCYlDmifNE4SQ0V2s9tdfuypWrMDWJFBKan0F80Xx8Rs6dWrauLEVNxFFC1GCymwJdqT33mt+9aofy/fq5cKW+2SbX7q0ztXV0cGh3qlTKyIjF8NN4d/YWF9Wef/+rx0dreAJ16+fWNRBeXt7wO/pyA4C9FH8xGrt2zc5fnzp5cvrjI0rPX4czAqbNbNt1aphRMRCdBi6bevW6fK3y1l4errFxflh0EKexfuq14MQ/ru4NOrRw/m33/zT0w8kJ79ZL+Lnn9ecP782OzvCy6vHV18NRUlmZlibNg4//DCVfS+3n8LCyLZtHSdO7Pv06b7QUO8aNapCf6wCVPLZZx8mJn7fs2cbXSz9LjRNSBzSPGmeIISM7mI1OCLEaqr3aRTnK5izcnNz/vHHVatXj2vZ0o5VbtLE+uzZldjP/fv/N9PD7BF+ieURe8EZcptjsgpXA2dlY2M+dGiXGzd++OSTnuPG9UYFuDVz81r4FNNORGZsvU44KAuL2vPmjbx1a4uO7CBAH8VDrAa7o0vYEhaI0H18Ppe/Hbe4aB3d4OHRjfVl5cpG3HuK0ccQilzduIWYvUKFCtCH2i/195+CIU3+dtTkrgdx+4HysDknLFSeMWMwq4AJAbu/cvnyT4YM6aJ1g2BMVV2kjOALdAdpnjRPEIJFFz6KJXiJWrWqqZYX5ytYsJWUFID87dtbUYc5Licnm5kzhxRdt6C4WM3IqBICMuRPnFiKCIxtEhg4s1OnpsgEB8/p06ft3bvbkDp3bsa2goPq1ctFRxbgEsVqUf/97+AWLewQRCO5ujpyV3Mwbh058g3L79w5s1WrhnKV26gHDGjPZvmq41ZExEKIRmkRWQTj//nPgIEDO7Zp4/DucQubm5jUKNpIBPjyf9+IvWbNeF2MW0LThMQhzZPmCULI6O53tZ9/XoN4iy0hVTQV5yuKOitEbNiW/SaH2A7OzdbWIjp6Gfu0uFiN2/zkyeV2dnVZfteuWSxWGz++t5WVWceOTiwFBPxXrq+no4Tmo/Qdq6Ej2cKrvr5fIK1dOx6DTVzcm8vYRcctb2+PSZP6y1XGrcaNrU6fXiFXN27FxvpCKJcvryv6dYju1617c5F769bpRcctROssz+3nl198sDl3yzYGyMmTB8hp3JIepHnSPEEIGd3Famlp+6tVq7x9+wyl8uJ8RXGxmlyxJOjq1eNq1qzKFutErHbu3Jt71PLyjtSvb1rKWG3u3BFubs5KjaFYTQ1a10R4+IJ27RoXLenVy2XatIFyxbg1e/awwsJIyAV1wsLmy9/+xMpudcSYVL16FfYrguq4BWVgDyNHdn32bB/yKSl7ZLKjtWtXxzj3/HnI2LG9XF0d2TcOH/7+ggWjlHo9J+cwhIJBDg24dWsL5hBRUUvkNG5JD9I8aZ4ghIxOnwOFR6pXz+Tixf97vABe5cSJpcX5CrWxGtJvv/mj5NGj3YjV4IuQ79y52YYNkzIzw+CXsEkpY7X4+A1GRpXwkVxxGxx7gJ1iNTVoXRPu7h02bpxctCQo6Ctz81qQAkadESPeb968galpTQwPLBhHXxobV/Ly6uHsbI94399/ivzf403Rzr52bVPTpjYQB/sZAyX4W6tWNSgAKsEYhoFHrrguDi22b99EqdcxOjZsaOngUA+j4zffeCp9kZzGLWlAmifNE4SQ0Wmshkhr3ryRVasaN2pUH64J8z32zJNaX6E2VkNw1qCBhaOjlZOTDXdv7p49s+vUqQ43hb2V/hqoXHHvGkJDbGJra8EedadYTQ36fIc7ux6EnmZ3GipJISPjAMa20uzn8eNg7r5sJETi+flv7ulGRM/9PIsK3PtjlFJq6h5WX29JaJqQOKR50jxBCBk9+Cg4hNu3t8IFldtXwNuwp6m49Pr1wfK9CbywMDIlZY+eV1AQmo8SXKymVKjhK9oNIpVJE2vXrr1586Zmnc4/0dHR+/bt47sV6iHNk+Z1gZA1TxgWgl0HT0yJYrViU0zMt6rvR375Mkx1MBNZKpMmmjVrduTIkXL3t4aba4uFCxeOGTOmNDWvX79epUoVXbenKKR50rwuELLmCcOCYjWh+Sg9IKBYTbJJn+NWenp6bm5uuTfXFu8et/z8/IYPH87yMpns6dOn+mrXG0jzpHldIGTNE4YF+Sih+Sg9QLEa/6ms49auXbvc3d1NTU1Hjhz56tUrFC5dunT58uWsgo+Pz/z5899239FOnTqh5ueff85K+vfvf+bMGblibJgzZ87GjRsbNmzYu3fvBw8esAr37t3r1q2biYkJRg62c+Dt7e3g4GBpaXno0KHiSjju3Lnj7OwcHR3t5OQUFhaGYXLKlCkWFhYtW7a8evUqq8ONW48fP/74448bNWrUokWLoKAglFy6dKlu3bq1atVq2rTpsWPH2N7YVnl5eWizjY2NtbX1jBkzcnJyuK+Lj4/HkTZu3PjgwYOlN6ZaSPOkebnENE8YFuSjhOaj9ADFavynso5brVq1ioiIOHXqFEaOrVu3onDq1KlffvklqzBv3rzx48cjU1hY2KRJk7Nnz2LkuH//Prc5+4kCI0f9+vU/++yzxMTEnj17LlmyhFXo16/funXr0tPTkcEAiRIMCfgijGEofPbsmdqSoly/fr1SpUqDBw+OjY19+fLljh07sKu0tDRfX9+BAweyOkXHrZCQEFQ7cOCAnZ0dStBafIrxFR9lZ2cXvR6Esbl169b4dhR26NCBDc/s69zc3H788cfVq1djdCy9MdWiZ83n5R25fXur6ssnxZ1I84LSPGFY0LgsNB+lBwwpVqtVqxr3EmQkV1fHU6dW8N4qPWsCAw8cPctjiPLw8JAXM24BzPJnzpz5+vXroptz49Z7771XUFAgV4wHQ4YMQSYzMxOTe4xkd+/exUg2btw4FCYkJNSoUePw4cPcTlRLioKBxMjIiLuIgwFs/fr12OGVK1fq1Kkjk8nk6q4HYfxTvGvxzVYYflh75P++d8fR0XHNmjUs7+/vb21tLX87biUlJSF/+/ZtxSIneaW3pyp603xW1qEZMwbb2Jj37t22efMG3bq1vHNnG+9qJM3Lpad5wrAQ1Lgs1kSxWvkTxWryf9+7s3PnzlatWsmLH7cwHW+mWOkjOjpaafOiIwcGAzZOHD9+vGrVqh3f4uXlxSpgkMBA1adPn+Tk5OJKOJTujMZAiHk/t0924Yn79pycnMWLFw8aNKh///4Ycp48eSIvftyqXLnyqVOnWP7ixYtsiCpaAaOX4gU/Gt2cpDfNT5rU/8MP27DViOWKN5nZ2dUtuoKetlL37q24BaYEkkjzgtI8YVgIalwWa6JYrfypuFgNjezUqampac3PP+/LPsrNPTxliruFRe2WLe2uXvVjhf37tw8Jmderl4vuFr7VgyaKjlve3t6TJk2SK8atadOmscLJkydz4xbIz8/HMFCzZs2srCx5SeNWbGyskZHRo0ePVL8XIwpGqdGjR7+jhKE0bjk4OGzatEmpDvftCxYs6Nq1q0wmy8jIKHHcwgCM8ZLlAwMDzc3NlSoYUKyWnBxUqVLFK1fWcyUFBcccHOqxt+ZCq+HhC9zdO0DVI0d2ffUqnNXZv/9rR0er+vVN16+fyEr8/CbNmTPc29vDzKwW/sUJ0revq6VlnT592t68uRklixZ5Va1qbG1t1rSpTX7+0by8I6hvY2OOkhkzBrP3t925s83Z2R7bOjnZsLUTSPNyKWmeMCwENS6LNVGsVv6kNlYrLIxs0sT67NmViM/u3w9kH+3YMaNfv3Zpaft9fb8YOLAjK8RkG+PcwYMLHj8O5v1Yyq0JDDyzZ88uLCxMS0tr165dWFiYXHFvtZubG4ao4OBgTP3ZuAX3/dtvvyGDcQjj1vPnz+UljVvYQ4sWLWbMmMEGObbJw4cP2Q06fn5+rJpqSVGUxi2MTK1bt8YmyL9+/ZoNKty3jx07FkNvQUHBvn37MOTcu3cPhQcOHGjatCmOUWlvGJ4xUr5U4O7ujm3lBhurQbqI1ZTeKjls2HtffNGPabVVq4YREQtRDQEce294evoBc/NaiYnfIwhDZMZ+kFu40BNzknnzRt66tUWuWHr5/Pm12dkRmJB89dVQueJ1uG3aOPzww1Qm++XLP2nd2j4+fsP16/4dOjSZP99D/nZVq8GDO8fG+rJVXEjzktI8YVgIalwWa6JYrfypuN/VnJxsZs4cUvTiEUad9esn3r277cqV9XXqVGdvT8b4t2XLNN6PQkNNYOCBv27evLmpqSnGDDbAYFRwcnLC4OTh4TFr1iw2bmHUadCggaOjIz7CwMZt/o5xC9y4ccPFxQU7x1YYG1ASEhKCf52dnVF+5coVtSVFURq3MFahwShp1aoV2qN0PeiXX36xsrKqW7fu5MmTe/fu3alTJ7niFiLsGS0/c+ZM0b2lp6cPGDDAXAEqsx8kDDRW27t3bvXqVZTe6z1+fG+Ea0yrISHzWCHiMA+PbsgEB8/p06ctVI3UuXMztkgLYrVevVxU9+/vP6Xowu3cNVBMV9iqU6yOtbWZXBGrGRlV4hZmJs1LTfOEYSGocVmsiWK18icTkxrHji3m/nVxaRQT861csbyr4gYVCy6SQ1TXsqVdx45OLD148Ob3NrXviBdCKpMmXrx4IZPJ4JrhxFU/Uq2flpbGbm0uE8+ePWMjIgPTfaUXPqmWvBvsrbj6aN7Lly9Zhv2qwcCwxG4DVwKHyerrCP1o/sKF7zDExsX5FS3s3789Zh1KWt25c2arVg3likjOysqMU3VAwH/lKkvj3by5+T//GTBwYMc2bRzUxmqVKxtxd3levPid4v6nI/pfKYE0LyjNE4aFoMZlsSaK1cqfmjdvsGTJx9y/dnZ1f/vNn+Xz84+uXj2uZs2qbPVrB4d6mzb9R2lzccRqhK7Rj+ZfvAjFjOK77yZwJa9ehdepU33//q+VtOrt7TFpUn9k5s4d4ebmrLQfpVjNyclm3bo3t7Jt3Tq9aKwWHDyH5TGl4RaDDwycaW7+5i43gcdqBEEURVDjsliT0HyUIcVqX3zRr2NHpydP9soV91BbWNRGZJabe5hFbI8e7Uas9vx5CPILFoxq3dr+4cOd8iLrxVKsRpQGvWn+m288EVr9/XcQ8jLZ0QkT+rRq1ZCtTwytzp49rLAwMi1tf7t2jdn9/vHxG4yMKp08uVyuWMyY3VhWNFbDTmrXrn769AqcBWPH9nJ1dWTlw4e/jzOC5adOHdinT1tsi+Tu3gHV5BSrEYRBIahxWaxJaD7KkGI1jGqI1TCoYCSrVavavn1zUYhhqUEDC0dHKwx7Pj6fs5qIzzAIoSYGP3wqpmughK7Rm+YRWiGEMjWt2blzs/r1TRFCYb7BPoJWR4x4v3nzBvh0yJAu7NdiueKXMBOTGlC7ra3F5s1vbr5U+l1t2bJPcGrY2dXdsGES4jZ2a9qJE0vr1TNp376JXPGAwoAB7c3NayH17t2WzXwoViMIA0JQ47JYk9B8lCHFaiwhYrt5c3N2dkTRwrS0/Uq3acsV7xrV5+3SotGExNH/ugXQs9LTl2xekZt7GKGVUv3CwsiUlD3s5ze1Cbtij5dmZoaxX5TZt+Ac4eq8eBGqn+c9SfMEoXUEOC6LLwnNRxlerCa+JDRNSBwhaF6wvwGT5gmCd4Tgo0SfhOajKFbjPwlNExJHCJqPifk2NXUP780gzROEABGCjxJ9EpqPoliN/yQ0TUgc0jxpniCEDPkoCfooitX4T0LThMQhzZPmCULIkI+SoI+iWI3/JDRNSBzSPGmeIIQM+SgJ+iiK1fhPQtOExCHNk+YJQsiQj5KgjyohVjt2bBFabEBp7965lSsb4S/vLSl9MjY2qlSpUpcuXT799NNvvvkmICDgzJkzf/75p9rVZghdY3CaR/Ly6sF7G8qUYGS++5kgDBXyURL0USXEagbHypUrK1SogL98N6QM7N27t2rVqrVr1x46dOj8+fPHjh3bo0cPe3v7ZcuW8d00wjCA5vluAkEQRLGQj9IQUZlPJpPZ2tpCEw0aNMjPz+e7OWVgxYoVrVu39vLysrS0XL9+fU5OjlyxVjTf7SIMA/KDBEEIGfJRGiIq84WFhXXv3h2acHNzCw0N5bs5ZcPT0xOx2o0bN4YMGYKIc9u2bYYVbhI8Qn6QIAghQz5KQ0RlPgRqCNegCRa08d2cspGdnd2xY8cVK1Ygf+XKlV69ejVp0uTAgQP06xpRIuQHCYIQMuSjNEQ85rt27Zqtra1MJoMm2MVQlPDdqLKRmpraoEGDgwcPsn/PnDmD6K1NmzaRkZH8NowQOOQHCYIQMuSjNEQ85pswYQJ7pIBpYtWqVePHj+e7UWUG4dratWvxlys5fPhwq1at3n///Z9//pnHhhFChvwgQRBChnyUhojHfAjOsrKy5G81gTxK+G6UdigoKNizZ4+Dg0O/fv3i4+P5bg4hOMgPEgQhZMhHaYgIzSdWTeTl5f3www/W1tYjRoy4desW380hBIRYNU8QhDggH6UhIjSfuDWRlZW1du3aunXrjhs37uHDh3w3hxAE4tY8QRCGDvkoDRGh+aSgiZcvX37zzTempqbTp09//Pgx380heEYKmicIwnAhH6UhIjSfdDTx7NmzWbNmmZmZzZ8///nz53w3h+AN6WieIAhDhHyUhojQfFLTRHJy8sSJEy0sLFauXPn69Wu+m0PwgNQ0TxCEYUE+SkNEaD5pauLu3bujR4+uX7/+xo0bc3Nz+W4OoVekqXmCIAwF8lEaIkLzSVkT165dGzhwoL29/a5duwoKCvhuDqEnpKx5giCED/koDRGh+UgTFy5c6N69e7NmzcLDw/luC6EPSPMEQQgZ8lEaIkLzkSYY0dHR7RScPHmS77YQuoU0TxCEkCEfpSEiNB9pgqOwsDAsLKxZs2Zubm4XL17kuzmEriDNEwQhZMhHaYgIzUeaUEImk+3cubNhw4YDBw5MTEzkuzmE9iHNEwQhZMhHaYgIzUeaUEtubu7GjRvr1avn6en5xx9/8N0cQpuQ5gmCEDLkozREhOYjTbyD169ff/vtt+bm5hMnTkxOTua7OYR2IM0TBCFkyEdpiAjNR5ookefPn8+fP9/MzGzWrFnPnj3juzmEppDmCYIQMuSjNESE5iNNlJLHjx9Pnz4dEduiRYtevnzJd3OI8kOaJwhCyJCP0hARmo80USYePHgwduxYS0vLtWvXZmdn890cojyQ5gmCEDLkozREhOYjTZSD33//fcSIEdbW1ps3b87Pz+e7OUTZIM0TBCFkyEdpiAjNR5ooN1evXu3bt6+Dg0NwcDAtUWVAkOYJghAy5KM0RITmI01oyE8//fTee+85OzsfOXKE77YQpYI0TxCEkCEfpSEiNB9pQiscO3asdevWnTp1Onv2LN9tIUqANE8QhJAhH6UhIjQfaUJbFBYW7t+/v3Hjxr169YqNjeW7OUSxkOYJghAy5KM0RITmI01ol/z8/G3bttnY2AwdOvTmzZt8N4dQA2meIAghQz5KQ0RoPtKELsjJyVm3bl3dunU/+eSTpKQkvptD/AvSPEEQQoZ8lIaI0HykCd3x6tWrpUuXmpubT5kyJSUlhe/mEP8HaZ4gCCFDPkpDRGg+0oSuSUtLmzNnjpmZ2ddff52ens53cwjSPEEQgoZ8lIaI0HykCf3w6NGjyZMnW1hYLFu27NWrV3w3R9KQ5gmCEDLkozREhOYjTeiTe/fujRkzpl69er6+vjk5OXw3R6KQ5gmCEDLkozREhOYjTeif3377bfDgwQ0aNNixY4dMJuO7OZKDNE8QhJAhH6UhIjQfaYIvLl++3LNnTycnp5CQkMLCQr6bIyFI8wRBCBnyURoiQvORJvjl9OnTHTp0cHFxOX78ON9tkQqkeYIghAz5KA0RoflIE0IgIiKiRYsWXbt2PX/+PN9tET+keYIghAz5KA0Rofn41cSFCxe2bdumVJiamurt7c1Le3ikoKBg9+7d9vb2/fv3j4+P57s5YkYcfjAzM3POnDlZWVlK5WvXrqUFMwjCoCEfpSFiMJ8SSppo1qzZkSNH9PbtGzdu7N27t1Lh9evXq1Sporc2CIq8vDx/f39ra+uRI0fevn2b7+aIE341ry0wpcGBPH/+XKncQA+HIAgO8lEaIv5YLT09PTc3V2/fTrGaWjARWbNmTd26dcePH//w4UO+myM2+NX8O/Dz8xs+fHgpK1OsRhBihXyUhog/Vuvfv/+ZM2eQSU5OHjZsmLm5ub29/evXr5W2Wrp06fLly1nex8dn/vz5LO/t7e3g4GBpaXno0CFWsn//fkdHx/r1669fv56V5OXlsbfCdujQYdKkScXFamiGs7MzNvT19UVhcHDwoEGDuDoTJ06MiIjQigUEy4sXLxYuXGhmZvbll18+efKE7+aIh/JpHrqdM2eOjY2NtbX1jBkz2Ovx7ty5A5UqaVWueJFet27dTExM4NfYq49ZzejoaCcnp7CwsMePH3/88ceNGjVq0aJFUFAQKly6dAnRea1atZo2bXrs2DG1OwF79+7FKdawYcNly5YV5wd37drl7u5uamo6cuRIbCjBc4cgDBryURr6KPHHalzAi6hr2rRpMpkMnaH6DrCpU6cigGD5efPmjR8/Hpn4+Hj0EOyOScCzZ8/kitkAVJWYmHjz5k3EHJmZmSjcvn27q6vrrVu3Hjx4gG5WG6tVqlTJ09MzLi4OwkI+LS0tJSXFyMgIYkKFp0+f1qlTB6GMTiwiMHCwM2fOhPUWLFggkUPWNeXTPCYnrVu3hsihT0wz2PxErVZR3q9fv3Xr1kH/yMArcTUHDx4cGxv78uVL+MGQkBBkDhw4YGdnhwqYNyM0h1PGR9nZ2Wp3kpGRUaNGjfDwcLhpVC7OD7Zq1Qqe7tSpUzgft27dKtlzhyAMFPJRGvooCcVqiAzat28PQajdSm2slpCQgE46fPgwVw3Bcp8+fe4q6Ny5M3stxahRo3x8fFiF4q6BVq5cGVME9q+jo2NoaCgy2NXixYuRgeDGjBmj4YEbFn/99dfnn3+OwHfVqlWq0ymiTJRP89DhmjVrWJ7dUygvRquYk2DqiSkKZL9kyZJx48axmnBGcENKu8WsBu1h5atXrx4yZAgrV7sTTHY7derEKrzj+gI8LMvj3PTw8JBL+9whCIODfFQZDaaMhGI1RNOIxI2NjRctWpSfn6+0ldpYTa7QB8I1GD05ORn/otzKyqrjWwICAlBoYWGBaJrVL839agMGDIAOkAkKCmratCkyLi4uMTEx2jl+gwKnBCJdmHTTpk3cuUeUlfJpHv6O0+3FixexE3SBWq1iTlK1alVO9l5eXnIVVefk5MAxDRo0CJNU7Ipd4y7qB9XuZMqUKV988QWrUJp7QXbu3In5q5zOHYIwKMhHld92CiQUqzEuXLhgaWkZHh6utBVitWnTprH85MmTuVgNoEcRq40ePRr5uXPnurm5KW3bsmXLwMBAli9NrNa4cePTp0/LFVE8AsHt27fb29tL+UX/CQkJ7u7uMALEXVBQwHdzDI/yad7W1hZTEZaHgM3NzeXFaDU2NhbT00ePHhXdXKkm5sddu3aVyWQZGRlq/aDancDJwtWyfGn8oLe396RJk+R07hCEQUE+qmQbvRMJxWroNvbgCXorODhYaSsfHx8EYYjr8RHsy2K1hw8fstvU/Pz8WHfGx8ejL0+ePIk8rI85ATIzZszo169fenp6YmJi8+bNi7tfDXKUKxZiql69Ors0DhC54+swpdC+IQyN8+fPd+vWDQY8ePAg320xMMqnecxPMAl5qQCx8tixY+XFaBXnRYsWLaBz9mIh5qqU/CA2h4dCqL1v3z60h13UOHDgAGaWzE+p3Qm+yMzM7Ndff33x4sVnn31WnB+cPXs2dpKWltauXbuwsDBWTucOQRgK5KM0NaDmuxAaxWni008/tbCwaNmyJbpc9XIbwjInJ6eaNWt6eHjMmjWLxWohISGmpqbOzs4uLi5XrlxhNRHdm5iYODo6IuTfvHkzSm7evGlnZwdNuLq6olfUxmrYD7oNu6pWrRo3UQBRUVEVK1ZMSkrSthkMlRMnTsCM7du35376JkqkfJrH7ALzRXMFEC2bZUKrxsbGqlq9ceMGzgLIGKcJ9iZX8YO//PKLlZVV3bp1J0+ejL2xOzwws8RWOFnYM1+qO4Fz/Oijj3AK1KtXb+fOncX5QThZBPHYEFMm7kWUdO4QhKFAPkpTA2q+C6HxjvcjI/pmv4QVh+qTGoiUVe9MRGFKSkrRq3Vqq3HIZDK254yMDPbUMUdoaGjPnj3f0SQJAmPCLJjrfPDBBzi7+G6OAaCh5otW4LybqlblintyVd/ZzQGds10hU9SdwcMWPVlUd4LJqOojYEVbiE8x+YbjLlpO5w5BGArkozREWrGaAOnSpcvu3bv5boUQgfQDAgLs7Owwp8HJyXdzBI0WNW9A722mc4cgDAXyURpiSGFNKTGgWC0vLy8iIuIdkwACM5UNGzbUq1fPy8uruOe6CS1qHpNOg1gkgM4dgjAgyEdpiMGENaXHgGI1opT8888/K1asMDc3/+KLL/7++2++myM4SPMEQQgZ8lEaIkLzkSbESkZGhre3t5mZ2VdffcVeVE0wSPMEQQgZ8lEaIkLzkSbETWpq6rRp0xCxLV68mK3xRZDmCYIQMuSjNESE5iNNSIH79+9/9tlndevW/e6777iX1UkW0jxBEEKGfJSGiNB8pAnp8Pvvvw8fPtzGxmbLli2q65NIB9I8QRBChnyUhojQfKQJqREXF9enT59GjRrt3btXmssNkeYJghAy5KM0RITmI01Ik3PnznXp0sXZ2fno0aN8t0XfkOYJghAy5KM0RITmI01IGQRqCNc6d+78448/8t0W/UGaJwhCyJCP0hARmo80IXEKCwv37dvn6OjYu3fvuLg4vpujD0jzBEEIGfJRGiJC85EmCLliwd2tW7fa2NgMGzbs999/57s5uoU0TxCEkCEfpSEiNB9pguDIzs728fGpW7fup59+ev/+fb6boytI8wRBCBnyURoiQvORJgglMjMzlyxZYmZmNnXq1NTUVL6bo31I8wRBCBnyURoiQvORJgi1pKWlzZ4929TUdN68eRkZGXw3R5uQ5omiZMlkD1+9+vXp05i//jp09+7eGzcCEhJ+iI31vXhx7blzK2NiVpw6tTw6eunx40uiohYdO7b9zh1k8C8KV5w8iQqohsr+sbHYEJtjJ9gVdojdYud8Hx9heJCP0hARmo80QbyDR48eTZo0ydzcfPny5f/88w/fzdEOpHnJkl9YeD8z82JKCsKp7fHx3/3007ITJxB1rTx7dt2lS5sSErbduROQlLQrOTn48eP96enhmZkR2dmHc3KO5OUdlcmOFRREyuVbb99GBv+iMCInBxVQDZWxCTbE5tgJdoUdYrfYOb4CX4Svw5deSElBA/Il+V5DovSQj9IQHZovp7DwWkbGoXv3dly7tv7ixW9jYjBpWxwZuejoUZ2mHl5eOt0/DgEHgsPBQeHQcIA4zBxyVQbFvXv3Pv7443r16vn5+eXm5mprt6R5QtfA6A9evTrz119B16/7/PzzkqioVT/+6BsXt+XWLcRVoc+fH83Pj5LLdZrwFfgifB2+FF+NBqAZaAyahIaheaQMwUI+ykDRfqyWKZPFPHq06coVTL9W//TT5t9/3/nw4YG0NMzVMGk7Vlioaz+i64RDeDP7zM7GQeHQcIA4TBwsDhkHnkkXCAyH69evDxo0qEGDBgEBATINOo40r8VOIdRyPzMzKinJHxo7cWLl2bMbf/01ICkp5PnzSGGoC81AY9AkNOzNb28nTqCpkX/+iWbzbTniDeSj+O4BTdFmrJaenx9869ay6Oh1ly/vfvQIhuO9//SWcLA4ZBw4Dh9GSJfw2pQGx6VLlz744IOmTZuGhoaWdYkq0jxpXnfkFhRcSk0NSEh4cw/ZmTPfJybuSUk5ovufzbSgjfx8NNX/+nU0G40P+PXXSykpOBy+LSpFyEeJw0dpJ1Z7XVAQfu/e8pMnv792LSInh/ce4jHh8GEEmAIGeU2+yXA4depU+/bt27Zte+LEidLUJ82T5nVEniJE2x4fv+zEiXWXLu18+PBQVhbvvVzuhMbjEHwuXcLh4KAQtOWRSPQC+SguicBHaRqrFcrlkQ8erDh92i8uLvzVK967RCAJpoBBYBYYRzwXzCXAoUOHmjdv3q1bt/PnzxdXhzRPmtcR91++3H39+pufQBQhmsh+AsHh/F/QFh2Nw8TB8m1v0UI+Sm0yaB+lUayWVVCw7dq1tefPhzx/zns3CDDBLDAOTJRlmIG8NCkoKAgKCrK3tx8wYEBCQoLSp6R50rzWyS8oOJecvP7CBYwi2+7ePZyby3s/6jThAHGYONj158/jwPNJKlqFfNS7k4H6qPLHaik5Od+dP+939aoIbkvUXYJxYCKf8+dhLi12G8Fx4cKFbdu2KRWmpqZ6e3trstu8vLzvv//eysrKw8Pjzp07rJA0T5rXLnkFBceTkr49dWr95cvBjx9H8t13+kw42L2PH6+7cgWHDyPQhVGtQD6qNMkQfVQ5Y7XfXrxYcerU9j/+4N3oBpFgqCWRkX9kZWm384RJs2bNjhw5orev27hxY+/evZUKr1+/XqVKFc13/vr169WrV1tYWEyYMOHSX3/pQfN7UlM9vL1LrPbml4k7d4R8jUxSmi8HCE2ik5KgKN+4uPDMTN77i8eEw4cRYIpoitg0Qz/jMvkoXihPrIZjW3T0aHBqqtZtZ9mwYZ26dWuZmbn27bv85Ene+1KLaXdKCox2/flzrXeh0EhPT9fiG8tKRKexGuPFixdTvv6612eflVXzVo6OCw4eZHnPb74xs7bmPrJo0GDXX3+pbuJ//bpxlSrv3q3nwoV2LVo49+hR09R0cWRkuTWJ/XwwZgxpXv/EPXmyKibGNzY27OVL3l2TQBJMAYPALDAO3/1jkJRvXCYfZSg+qsyx2qPsbETuAUlJujAcYrV5ISGHc3JGfP018scKCnTXSfpPOItgOhhQFx0pHPr373/mzBlkkpOThw0bZm5ubm9v//r1a6VqS5cuXb58Ocv7+PjMnz+f5b29vR0cHCwtLQ8dOsRK9u/f7+joWL9+/fXr17OSvLy8yZMnW1hYdOjQYdKkScXFamiGs7MzNvT19UVhcHDwoEGDuDoTJ06MiIgozRGVW/N9JkwY9OWXLN/mww8rVKwY+OAB8ptv3mzQvLnaTUr0g9i2toXFwX/+iVK8kvTg69flFiR2outYQSKaLz1PsrK2xMWtPHv2QHo6j75IsAlmgXFgoicG8muHQCAfVe5kKD6qbLHaPzLZ2nPnAv78U0dWY7EaMtO3bm3YqhUy2+7csXd2XhYdbePkND8sDCULDx+2a9myhomJS69e7MfezoMHfxsTg0xEdja2+ubIEeQR5zXr3Bk9HZSc/N6wYbXMzevZ2zPRHM7NdZ8yBWLCfvyuXmVf3b5/f3w19tnDy0t3stjx559rf/rpH8N/L9874K6BIuqaNm2aTCa7d++e6ptmp06d+uWXX7L8vHnzxo8fj0x8fDwCtVevXqWnpz979kyu+JUO0V5iYuLNmzfNzMwyFa/W3L59u6ur661btx48eNCtWze1sVqlSpU8PT3j4uIQqCGflpaWkpJiZGTEbj57+vRpnTp1Xrx4UeLhaKL5r4KC7Fu3jlI4rPqNGjVp3/7r/fvx7xe+vsw/7rh3r2W3bhDz+8OHs8e1mB9ceeYMZG9avz5qKu0TFSpWquQbG6tUjj1jioxNJq5fz0om+fkNnzPHw9u7lpnZ3H37eo0dy1XGVHXF6dOsAiuBg+740UeoaVKv3rTNm9W2jTSvIeeSk5efPLnt7t1y30skmstP70gwDkwEQ8FcfPeYYUA+Sgo+qgyxWqFc/n1s7KbERN2dpYjVPl6yZMJ33zl17AgpcL2OaIxdL0DAbly16pzg4H3Pnn00fToC/6MyGSQ19KuvUBkhHTSEOAz57y5ccHZzQwY6GDhtGqqhX/EXJTN27GjXr9/+tDSIrOPAgeyrbZs1Y78GBz9+rFNPtOnaNf+4OBHflMHFagsWLGjfvj0CNbXV1MZqCQkJNWrUOHz4MFctODi4T58+dxV07tz5+PHjKBw1apSPjw+rUNw10MqVK+fl5bF/HR0dQ0NDkcGuFi9ejAwCuDFjxpR4LBpqfufDh5inQqt+cXFdhgwZOHXq4BkzUN5+wIBFR48iAx1OXLfuQHo6MrN27eIE7+bpiU2gT+QhVKXd9vj448rVqsGLce+sxx4wG/k+MREnCHxZmOL+J8+FCzEhGTlv3pZbt3Y/eoQTh+0q6O+/UedQVhZ3fQETm0YuLs49evj/9ht2hemN2raR5stNrkwWlJi48uzZor8xiP7yEw62ep06fT//nCtZf+VKhQoV4Oer166NkZ7d6ALvjbFWdVuYC0bLFfYIyjvkoyTio8oQq0Xcu7fu8mWdPqmEcxhhcj17+zY9e7KfcyGLSkZG+54+ZRUQeDXp0IHl9z55gtN+7fnz3xw5gl5EyZCZM6Ez+ClW83MfH2RGLViAuQICNe5bEPkhrsfUDY4DroQFcIjVpm3ZortD4xIMCDNG/PGH7jqVX7hY7eXLl56ensbGxosWLcpXeWG02lgN+Pv7I1xDUJWsmFWj3MrKquNbAgICUGhhYXHq1ClWvzT3qw0YMGDJkiXIBAUFNW3aFBkXF5eYmJgSj0VzzddzcFgQHg6fNW71akxhm3bqdDgnBxNBuCqkarVqwXlBipii9B43jgneqHJl7hcRDOfeoaGqux27ahXG7PdHjGBjP2Yvbfv0wX6QmnXuvPT4ceYHXXr14jZp/cEHTOHj165lwyfnB/2uXsWphKGRq6y2baT58pGWk/PdTz9tuHqVuRouif7yEwRvWr8+wjKuGSxWw/gdkZ0NX81+0VEbq71pv0y2QbEafZrhPKynf8hHScRHlTZWy8zPxxwoTMfPK3HXQMevWYMoCn2s5JsQrfedOJH719zGZu7evXAokA7iObuWLYMfP8aGCOMatmq17c6dKMUtq5gBVDI29lq0iK1qjA5GTaeOHVli/hGxGrt4qocU/uoVjJlpyOtdvAOl50AvXLhgaWkZHh6uVA2x2rRp01h+8uTJXKwGnjx5glht9OjRyM+dO9fNzU1p25YtWwYGBrJ8aWK1xo0bnz59GpnMzEwEgtu3b7e3ty9xOSmtaB4e5KPp07t5eKz+6aett29DqIsjIzEhwUfwVphHcjpkF9+VBI/ZLdyQ2j1j2DOzshoxd+6bbxk/HnluV/8NCIhS+V0EThCuEBkMkGhM0QoLIyIwOcbwyVVW2zbSfDl4lp29MiZG7Y1Eor/8BL3he/GlX+3ezYmWxWrIw9VjHo6woLhYjSWYDgZ8JvjbiXiBfJR0fFRpY7V9v//+/bVrGtqixMTFahAfFLPo6FElWQydNYv1ZZQiCEPnsTvVWrz/PuYEzbp0Qb7jwIEI9RB7Fd3zdxcu1LG0xOwhSjGN+M+mTUpfrc9YDWlTYiJMqtOu5QsuVkPAxB4I7dq1a3BwsFI1Hx8fBGH5+fn4CPETi9UePnzIblPz8/MbMmSIXHEHm5GR0cmTJ5FHdPVS8a7zGTNm9OvXLz09PTExsXnz5sXdr4YwEfnLly9Xr149+62v9/LywtctWrSoxAPRiuZn7tyJaQOEjYkHhqiapqYtunYds3QpPsKAirFq96NHResrCd6qcWOMmsXtHC4SAzwy8Ibsin/RpOQH96elwbUtiYqC/tlgyVVASzCCYlrJVVbbNtJ8WcnIzS0uUIsS++WnHX/+if0fzs0dNnt2mw8/ZIVcrIZx0aVXL5wLUcX/rsal7ffuwSCv6GKoCuSjpOOjShWrpWZnL4uOPqz7BcVYrAbX8Nm331YyNt6Tmqoki9XnzlWtWRMeBx2JeAuTPDal81q0CAr7ZNky5D/38UGemxFiD+w94NDfnODgKMVVUYTtcJRRirsi2Kd6jtUicnKWnTiRKsbJIherffrppxYWFi1btnR3d+duHeNAWObk5FSzZk0PD49Zs2axWC0kJMTU1NTZ2dnFxeXKlSusZmBgoImJiaOjo62t7ebNm1Fy8+ZNOzu7KlWquLq6IupSG6thPwjLsKtq1ar5+/tzH0VFRVWsWDEpKendR6EtzQfevw8Xw7wVUts+fd54nEuXohS/pti1aIHhma32yF4yzgZjTC2iFL/JV6levehUEmkzvLPi3hScJh0/+qj76NHIb4iPh9tid//g1GCXrlTvN0IQYFq/vuc330T921GiJdB/15EjETccVay6rbZtpPkykVtQgAjj3S+7EvHlJ2z+0fTpb9r822/c5V0WqyF0w5Ds0KYNu/RRYqwWpXjIbOXp09kUrhWBfJSkfFSpYrUdCQlbFSeVrhNiNbgYOKMW778/9YcfotTdnzF25UqIAz7OokED9vwB0pqff4a82EOd0ATyKGEfffjpp+yRzw7u7szHwX/1GjsWu8VkAjvR/zVQlmDSHSpLGImM7Ozsl+9c9U/1SczCwsKnT5+qFqakpBQUeU+m2mocMpmM7TkjIyPn3ze7hIaG9uzZs8SWa1HzUDUbtKIUrgcjMXff0g83bjRyccHUwsbJCfpkgse/Pby87J2dK1erNsXfX2lvs/fsgXShf+smTToPHsymHEgzAwOxZwzeFra27CqVqh9ENIBTA+Mr1xiuwqZr12yaNsVEqE7dumzOo9o20nyZ2HL16qoff3y3QcR6+QmDdF07uy5DhiAOQ4Ku2O80LFZbfOwYAjjulUylidWQvr92bevVq3z3qoAgHyUpH1VyrJaRm7v0xAmlu2L5TQi59pTljX/wMqo3ySIY5x5Z4CXBpDBshh5fG0uALl267N69+9119Kx5zBTZ1JCpIvTFC2QOZGQUN2PGhBLjuupt45itYrqpyVsJgx8/VnrRQ9G2keZLz4mkpO8uXIgs6d0cYr38tCw6GkPyF76+LPX85BP8i90WvV+NS6WM1bAVTHqipF/EJQL5KLVt0zwJ1keVHKsdS0ralJCgH0FILW1MSDhGrkeP5OXlRUREZJX0mk3SPGleE14r7vguzQufxHr5qfuoUeNWr+b+3fvkSSVj49XnzmkSq0W9vfv7tVDv/tYn5KN0l4Tpo0qO1Xx+/nk/vWJbN+lAWprP+fN66GaiTJDmSfOaEHrrVunv+Bbf5acD6elVa9QI+vvvooUIHHuPG6dhrBaluBIK8/Ldw/xDPkp3SZg+qoRY7VV+/tLjx8v9lm1K704wLMz7iqaJQoI0T5rXhGyZbFl09BHFE0taSdK5/FSaBMPCvBJ/yIB8lE6TMH1UCbHapdTUorcpUNJ6gnkvP36sn84mSgNpnjSvCbGPH/v88gvvRhZxgnljxauf0kA+StdJgD6qhFgt9PZt7idxvSW2HlTggwciW7tdbYJ5YWT9dDZRGnjRfGnSsujoufv28d4MrWg+RLyXsQITEtij5ZR0lGDeQEE+qac39OCjJDUKqyYB+qgSYrUtV69q911z704H//ln6KxZpvXrt+nZ07lHDzMrq2GzZ/PebTpNMO9mehBdSOhO826enuztoOXbnLt/qDSLQpZmP6R5XbDu55+18qonSsUlmBdG5ruf9cSqVavGjx9/7dq1ooU6HZclOAqrJgH6qBJitbXnzoXreF2poqnPhAkt3n+fexM3IvoyvZuDpVbdu8/du7esW2ECYVy1qtLdGHpIYZmZMLJ+OpsoDTrS/IGMjBomJjVNTbnlusua/v9zeTJZWV83U/Sk0HydR801Pz8kpHfv3rVq1cLfhw8f8t3nWgBHwY6osavrNr28jVKyKSI7e8Xb5YBFT1ZWFsI1W1vb7t27h4aGsoWVdToua2UUNvQkwHG5hFgNp0SE7pcrYGnXX39VqFiRPY6ulBBItevXD+Ncg+bN2SJUUYo3Wds7O2+Ij2/aqZNV48ZsCPRatAghl5m1tU3Tpkfz8w/n5rpPmcLehcvelIvUvn//RUeP9vDyMqlXb/B//8sKHV1dK1SogK0GTpumT03AvNLxOwaBjjQ/xd+/+6hRUGOnQYO4QkhxQXh4B3d3aLvryJHsLQ9M2KprPnKxGqvAnRpKCzUui4527du3jqVl2z59Nt+8qXpSKK3zqHpmsQqTN260bNiwbe/eWr+iB/M2VpxuDNVlJwwRHAV3RDCaPn2I1FKkXL44MpLvDtcrMpksLCzMzc2tQYMGK1euhNPQ0bislVEYCSMsSlCZrYGB1Py997gh2KVXL/a+Zbb5ukuXMP7Wc3CA70XPwk3hX25N23cvZasjjQlwXC4hVlt6/Lje3rYH00AlqleIIgsLHdu27Ttx4r6nT71DQ6vWqAFlRL191ZCzm9uqH38ct3o1orEoRTjs0KbN1B9+CH78GP/O2LED8sIUAQNex4ED2Q5tmzWra2c3bcsWqAFjGBvP/OLi4GSDkpPZY1Z6S2/evHf8uH46mygNOtJ8k/btsed1ly9XMjZm4mRSbNiq1cKICIgfrmr61q1Rxa/5qHoNVO1CjWt+/nnt+fMR2dmYjQz96ivVk4LbT3FnFirAM3742WffJya26dmzuDfja6J5I2PjCuLFuHJlffoQqaXR//sf3z3MM0aVK+toXNbKKIzK1k2arDx7FvsJvH+f7QGzR/gllkfsxRY6Y5tjsgpXA2dlbmPTZejQH27c6PnJJ2zhshKXstWRxgQ4LpcQqy06dkxvZ+DcvXur1aqlWs7WjOK6HCMTW+GYdTNbF3nr7duow65gYlDkLvd0HjwYwfi2u3fXX7lSvU4dpm8MkJ/7+LAKGMPYIqHYD7cHPScYWT+dTZQGXWgevgZuiMkPs1JOfpAiN0OF6+nm4RFV/JqPqrGa6kKNRdMUf3+cLCxf9KTg9lPcmYUKmASze4o/Wb68y5AhWjcIQkxu4BHf72qt35qdki6SpO5XY7Df1bp3725ra7ty5UrdPWOkrVHYxslpyMyZRV8cU1ysVsnI6IDiRXFLT5xABMY2mRkY2LRTp6jSLWWroyS0cVlAv6uxNT1Vf9ZaGBFRw8SE+3fwf/+L0Dvq33dYs0iLzQaKDkuQHSJ9bt061aU/m3TowG+sJsD4XeLoQvMQrV2LFmxtREdXV+4KZlEpsuWGoopf81E1VlNdqBEJE9AB//lPx4EDMQ95d6xW3JlV9OGD8WvWaD1Wg3ln7dol1vvVWnbu/N3Fi3p2I5JKknoONCsrC8EZu18N4ZpM8WI53Y3L2hqFEdvBuVnY2i6LjmafFhercZsvP3myrp0dy8M/sFitNEvZ6iIJcFwW0P1q+9PSKlerNmP7dqVyn19+gQK4m6kxdA2YPPkdKsGwxMIvpHoODv/ZtElph4KK1QR4XVziaF3zkCV72ztbG3H82rUIsPzi4pSk6OHt3X/SpKji13xUjdVUF2qMUsxoJ65bh8z0rVuLxmrcScHtp7gzS9exmrg1T+9X03WS1PvVVq1aNWHCBKXnQHU3LmtrFI5SvJN53OrVVWvWZG9LRqy2+ty5KMVy3qb165cyVivNUra6SAL0UcJ6DnTY7Nkm9epxs9I9KSlLT5w4nJODLsTwE1lYuOXWLUT3S6Ki3qGS94cPH7VgAStHxr51a7bQysHXr1kFtbHawX/+gUY3lXplGG0lAT5vInG0rvkF4eGN27UrWuLSqxd7hAVShOYhbLhI1JkfFhZV/JqPqrGamoUaZbLqtWsjtgt5/rzX2LGOrq7sG4ueFNx+ijuzdB2riVvzWl+3gFLRROsWyHU8Lms+CiP5//ZblOLNF4jV2CtsmnXuPGnDBpz78EvYpJSxWimXstV6EqCPEtb71dDHI+fNM65atX6jRg2aN8dIw+62xrhl2bBhPQcHjFvc0sLFxWoQFqTGlkNGfMaU0bBVK4sGDd5xDTRKsSxdbQsL6EBvxxslyPe4SByta76Du/vkjRuLlnwVFFTL3BzuD1J8f8QISL2mqSlCIjYBfXMPh7Gx6pqPat+vprpQI/5Wq1ULXg+eEXEbgi2lk6Kop1N7Zuk6VhO95su0HiilMiVaD1Su43FZ81EYwRlGWytHRxsnJ+7e3Nl79lSvUwduCnsr/TXQqNItZav1JEAfJch1CxTr2R3IyFAq35Oaio9Ks4cjeXnc62GQMASW8n1UEJnS3T+6TgJ8P7LE0afm2bQB3u1AkWWYOf/1jjUflZLSQo2YfbIzBbND7pKE0klRvjOLNF8aXufnY+Bhb2ChpMUEk8KwrwW2UGNRLly4sG3bNqXC1NRUb29vLX6LPtYt0HgUhrdRuqmOu7RV1qT5UrZlTQL0UbQeKM9JgOuOSRx9ar7oT7xc0nBZAuEnKWj+RFLSdxcuRNLq2tpLMCZMCsOWqSOaNWt25MgRHfWyKhs3blR9rvn69etVqlTR4rfQuKzrJEAfVUKs9io/f+nx48fI4+gmwbAw7ysBTxMliD41/21MjOo7wcNevlQN4ESTpKP5LVevbkpM5N3gokkrz57dWvbLUunp6bm5ubroX7XoJ1ajcVmnSZg+qoRYDficP3+gmEsnlDRMMCzMq4duJsoEaV4gmr937163bt1MTEyGDx/+6tUrlAQGBn7wwQfZ2dnIJycnd+nS5fnz58j3798/PDzc3d3d1NR05MiRrHJeXt6cOXNsbGysra1nzJiRk5PDduvt7e3g4GBpaXno0KHivkhttTKRLZOtjImh9aa0krb/8ceio0dzCwrK2gsQxpkzZ5hahg0bZm5ubm9v//r1a6VqS5cuXb58Ocv7+PjMnz+/OA3s37/f0dGxfv3669evZyWQ2eTJky0sLDp06DBp0qTiYjU0w9nZGRv6+vqiMDg4eNCgQVydiRMnRkRElP64yEfpLglzXC45VjuWlLQpIYF384kybUxIOFbGn/QJPUCaF4jm+/Xrt27duvT0dGR27dqFkvz8fMRnCLyQHzx4MBv25IpLXa1atcJod+rUKQyuW7duRSFG39atW8fHx2OwxDjKBmD8iwoIyLDbZ8+eFfdFaquVlVcyGSKM7ffu8W52g04BSUmIejPK9fMYdw0UUde0adNkMhnicpnKY6RTp0798ssvWX7evHnjx49XqwFkEO0lJibevHnTzMwsMzMThdu3b3d1db1169aDBw8Q8auN1SpVquTp6RkXFwfFIp+WlpaSkmJkZHTnzh1UePr0aZ06dV68eFH64yIfpbskzHG55FgNZ8jSEyf09kZc6aQ3b9s7caJ8DojQKaR5IWgeA2GtWrUwLt69e3fJkiXjxo1j5Rhra9euPX36dIRf3KCLITkkJITlMdZ6eHgg4+jouGbNGlbo7+9vbW2NTEJCQo0aNQ4fPvzuL1KtVj6eZWcjzgh4+8J3SmVNMN2qM2eeKX5JLQdcrLZgwYL27dtDPGqrqY3VVDUQHBzcp0+fuwo6d+58XPG61FGjRvn4+LAKxV0DrVy5cl5eHvsXsgwNDUUGu1q8eDEyCODGjBlTpuMiH6WjJNhxueRYDexISNhKv+RrO8GkOyTz9m2DgzTPu+YxEFatWrXjW7y8vLiPMKxWqFCBXdtiFL2FfOfOna1atUIGA+Spty+0vHjxIjZh4yXiNozBGCmTk5Pf8UVK1cpNWk7Od+fObYiPp5G1TAnmgtFgurS3F6/LASeMly9fenp6GhsbL1q0KF/lViS1sZpcRQMot7Ky4qQSEBCAQgsLC05mpblfbcCAAZgSIBMUFNS0aVNkXFxcYmJiynpo+vFRlg0b1rG0rGVmZm5jM/p//+NdFbpOgh2XSxWrpWZnL4uOLuXrAyiVJsGYMGlqeSeLhK4hzfOu+djYWCMjo0ePHimV//HHH9bW1n379h08eDBXWDRW8/b2njRpEjK2trYYa1lhYGCgubk5V//JkycYgEePHv2OL1Kqpgm5MllQYuLKs2cP/vMP7x1hEAmGgrlgtFzNXnur9BzohQsXLC0tw8PDlaohVps2bRrLT548mYvV5P/WwNy5c93c3JS2bdmyJdTF8qWJ1Ro3bnz69Gm54gddBILbt2+3t7cvLCws66Hpx0chVpsXEhJZWPhtTEyFihU3//4779rQXRLyuFyqWA3s+/13erujFhOMCZPqtGsJDSHN86v5/Pz8Fi1azJgxIysrC/+yZwhkMtl77723c+fOjIyMBg0abN68mVXGkDx79mwMeGlpae3atQsLC5MrBmCMsi8VuLu7jx07Vq5YuJPde+Tn5zdkyJDivki1muacS05efvLktjt36Am+dyQYByaCoc5p9nMmg4vVEDCxB0K7du0aHBysVM3HxwdBGJSAjxA/sVhNVQPx8fEI60+ePIk8xAZdIQPl9OvXLz09PTExsXnz5sXdr4YwEfnLly9Xr149+2004OXlha9btGhR+Y5ODz6KxWpRirejValefe6+fZP8/IbPmePh7V3LzCxK8eJG/GtuY2NmbT14xgwudpy9Z089B4e6dnafffutTdOmbMkBpW3HLF3auF07MyurvhMnshfcoOvtnZ3XXbrk6OqKzVecOrU4MhKb41/f2Fhda0/I43JpY7VMxdsdw/S43pSIE8wIY2YK7JFgQgnSPO+av3HjhouLi6mpqZOTE4ItlKxcuXLo0KHs07Nnz9asWfN3hW/FkDxixAiMlKiMYZVFXRg+BwwYYK4AI+iTJ09QGBISgjrOzs7Y85UrV4r7IrXVNOdJVtaWuLiVZ8/uL/L2Y0pcgllgHJjoiaIHNYeL1T799FMLC4uWLVuif7lbxzgQlqHrIScPD49Zs2axWE2tBgIDA01MTBwdHW1tbdlU4ebNm3Z2dlWqVHF1dUXUpTZWw34QlmFX1apV437rBVFRURUrVkwq753sevBRLFY7VlAwcf1646pVA+/f91y4sLaFxch587bcuoUKnyxfbt+69Yb4eP/r15t06OAxfz4K9z17hspz9+49lJWFChUqVGArTSltiwo7/vxz39OnderWRXwW9XaFvQ7u7t8nJg796iuEgF2GDv3hxo2en3zSe9w4nWpP4ONyaWM1EHHv3rrLlyP5PpkNPUUq3rMXUcwtroSgIM0LQfPPnj3LKmnkZkNybm4u4jOlj168eMF+/+AoLCx8+vRpiV9UXDXNiXvyZFVMjG9sbKjixwZKUYrXCsIgMEucIqTWBdnZ2UpKUEL1SUy1GkBhSkpKQZEXiLxbKjKZjO05IyMj59/33oWGhvbs2bOU7VeLrn0UYjX201cNE5PZe/ZEKeItl169uApWjo5sITukKf7+ZtbWUYpl9Jw6dmSFe1JTi8ZqRbflUpuePdliem9W2DMyYuu4LD1xAoHdwdevoxQrTXGrTukiCX9cLkOsViiXfx8bS2931DBtunYNZizzvQkEH5DmDUXzen49vebkFRREJyWtOHXKNy5Od+twG0TC4cMIMAUMklf2N6gZNF26dNm9e7cme9C1j0KsNmLu3HWXLnG/3iktx2lUuTL6juW/UzzBcyQvr+/Eif2++IIVKsVqRbedFxLSffTojh99VKdu3Snffx9VuhVCdZGEPy6XIVYD/8hka8+dC/jzT95PbwNNO/78c+1PP/2j2d2yhD4hzRuE5mNiYlJTU3X6FboAocnxpKRvT51ad+XK3sePJfULLg4Wh4wDx+Efl16UJle8RDciIqLE34xLRKc+irtfjUtK8ZaFrS37SSxK8etXLXNzZBB4terenRVuuXVLbay28ddfK1ertv2PP5Bv27s3j7GaQYzLZYvVwKPsbATRwSoL41AqMQUoptGPBPmMCfEOSPOkeZ2SX1BwLjl5/fnzK06f3nb37pFyrW9tQOlwbi4OEweLQ8aB50svStM6uvNRJcZqA6dObdunT9jLl0gd3N17jR0bpVhnAiHXZ99+O3fv3jYffohYjT1bUHTbJVFRZtbWEdnZP9y4YePkNHbVqig+YjVD8VFljtXA9efPFx09ujslhfdz3oASziIY7Q8t3TBL6BnSPGleD9x/+TIoMXFZdLTPpUs7Hz48LK6g7UheHg4Kh4YDxGHef+etY0RZ0ZGPKjFWO5Ce3n7AgFrm5khte/fe++QJK/9vQECzLl26jx698syZChUroveVtkVJ8/feq2lq2qRDh9H/+1+dunXZAwr6jNUMyEeVJ1YDOLbFkZGYG/F+/htEwiQDkftvZVlChBAapHnSvH7IKyi4lJKyPT5+6YkTLGhjt1cbaDqUlfV/IdqJEzgoHJoEL3fqBx59VOiLF2HFPCgzbcsW6yZNitvwwNsHovfrfXlTw/JR5YzVQGpOjs/5835Xr9K7gt6RYJwNV6/CUKkavHqbEAikedK8PslVBG0BCQkYUb6Nifk+MXF3SsqR/Hzeu7jEhEaiqWgwmr3i5EkcAg6kHCuvE2VFID4KEVjLbt1GLVjQ74svaltYzN27l3dNFk2G6KPKH6uBrIKCrQkJa8+fZ7cNUlJKMAuMsy0hIYuclFggzZPmeeHBq1dRSUn+V64sPXFi5dmzG379NSApKSQjI1IY0wY0A41Bk9CwlWfOoJFoKhqMZvNtOckhBB91ND9/3aVLM3funBkYuPX2bd71WTQZqI/SKFaTKx4YjnzwYMXp02+ePIc34bsbBJJgijdPoZ8+DeMI+TFgohyQ5knzPFKoiNvOJifvvn7d5+eflx4/jtANlt9y61ZQcnLo8+dHdf/DG74CX4Svw5f6Kl7tuyQqCo1Bk9AwNI8EwC/ko8TnozSN1RivCwoO3ru3/OTJTdeuRUh7CUUcPowAU8Agrw0qbCfKBGmeNC8E8gsLERtdTEmJuHt3+6+/fvfTT8tOnGABnM+lS5sSErbduROQlLQrOTn48eP96enhmZkR2dmHc3IO5+Yi5DpWUBCpeH0GMvgXhfgIFVANlbEJNsTm2Al2hR2ysAxfgS/C1x26exdfjQbkl305S0LXkI8Sk4/STqzGSM/PD751a1l09LrLl3f//Td77kMiCQeLQ8aB4/BhhHShrlNBaBfSPGlegGTJZA9fvUp49izmr78QTu29cSMgIeGH2FjfixfXnju3MiZmxalT6DWEdAi8Fh87hoQM/kUhPkIFVENl/9hYbIjNsRPsCjvEbrOF/RoqQgnyUeLwUdqM1RiZMlnMo0ebYmNx5q/56afNv/++8+HDA2lpmKvBcJEFBbz3n4bpWGEhDgSHg4PCoeEAcZg4WBwyDjyTHJn0IM3z3QMEQbwL8lF894CmaD9W48gpLEzMyIi4d2/HtWvrL178NiZmeXT0ksjIRUeP6i7N3bvXqHJl/NXdVyyOjMSB4HBwUDg0HCAOM4cuARCkeYIghA35KANFh7EaL6xcubJChQr4y3dDCEJPkOYJghAy5KM0R1Sxmkwms7W1hSYaNGiQb8hXpgmilJDmCYIQMuSjtIKoYrWwsLDu3btDE25ubqGhoXw3hyB0DmmeIAghQz5KK4gqVoMgIIs3y8QqxMF3cwhC55DmCYIQMuSjtIJ4YrVr167Z2trKZDJogv3oihK+G0UQOoQ0TxCEkCEfpS3EE6tNmDCB3boITeDvqlWrxo8fz3ejCEKHkOYJghAy5KO0hXhiNYggKytL/lYTyKOE70YRhA4hzRMEIWTIR2kL8cRqHEwTBCEdSPMEQQgZ8lEaIkLzkSYIqUGaJwhCyJCP0hARmo80QUgN0jxBEEKGfJSGiNB8pAlCapDmCYIQMuSjNESE5iNNEFKDNE8QhJAhH6UhIjQfaYKQGqR5giCEDPkoDRGh+UgThNQgzRMEIWTIR2mICM1HmiCkBmmeIAghQz5KQ0RoPtIEITVI8wRBCBnyURoiQvORJgipQZonCELIkI/SEBGajzRBSA3SPEEQQoZ8lIaI0HykCUJqkOYJghAy5KM0RITmI00QUoM0TxCEkCEfpSEiNB9pgpAapHmCIIQM+SgNEaH5SBOE1CDNEwQhZMhHaYgIzUeaIKQGaZ4gCCFDPkpDRGg+0gQhNUjzBEEIGfJRGiJC85EmCKlBmicIQsiQj9IQEZqPNEFIDdI8QRBChnyUhojQfKQJQmqQ5gmCEDLkozREhOYjTRBSgzRPEISQIR+lISI0H2mCkBqkeYIghAz5KA0RoflIE4TUIM0TBCFkyEdpiAjNR5ogpAZpniAIIUM+SkNEaD7SBCE1SPMEQQgZ8lEaIkLzkSYIqUGaJwhCyJCP0hARmo80QUgN0jxBEEKGfJSGiNB8pAlCapDmCYIQMuSjNESE5iNNEFKDNE8QhJAhH6UhIjQfaYKQGqR5giCEDPkoDRGh+UgThNQgzRMEIWTIR2mICM3HryYuXLiwbds2pcLU1FRvb29e2kNIAdI8QRBChnyUhog/VmvWrNmRI0f09u0bN27s3bu3UuH169erVKmitzYQUoM0TxCEkCEfpSHij9XS09Nzc3P19u0i0ARhcJDmCYIQMuSjNET8sVr//v3PnDmDTHJy8rBhw8zNze3t7V+/fq201dKlS5cvX87yPj4+8+fPZ3lvb28HBwdLS8tDhw6xkv379zs6OtavX3/9+vWsJC8vb/LkyRYWFh06dJg0aVJxmkAznJ2dsaGvry8Kg4ODBw0axNWZOHFiRESEVixASA3SPEEQQoZ8lIaIP1bjfmtF706bNk0mk927dw9/lbaaOnXql19+yfLz5s0bP348MvHx8RDEq1evMAl49uyZXDEbgKoSExNv3rxpZmaWmZmJwu3bt7u6ut66devBgwfdunVTq4lKlSp5enrGxcVBEMinpaWlpKQYGRnduXMHFZ4+fVqnTp0XL17oxCKE2CHNEwQhZMhHaYiEYrUFCxa0b98eglC7lVpNJCQk1KhR4/Dhw1w1BN19+vS5q6Bz587Hjx9H4ahRoxDyswrF/dZauXJlhPnsX4T/oaGhyGBXixcvRgZCGTNmjIYHTkgW0jxBEEKGfJSGSChWe/nyJSJoY2PjRYsW5efnK22lVhPA398fskDnJScn41+UW1lZdXxLQEAACi0sLE6dOsXql+a6+IABA5YsWYJMUFBQ06ZNkXFxcYmJidHO8RPSgzRPEISQIR+lIRKK1RgXLlywtLQMDw9X2gqamDZtGstPnjyZ0wR48uQJNDF69Gjk586d6+bmprRty5YtAwMDWb40mmjcuPHp06eRyczMhOC2b99ub29fWFhY9mMliDeQ5gmCEDLkozREQrEaOoY9eNK1a9fg4GClrXx8fNDZiOvxEfqJaeLhw4fscrifn9+QIUPkiivlRkZGJ0+eRB69iDkBMjNmzOjXr196enpiYmLz5s2Luy4OOSJ/+fLl6tWrZ2dns4+8vLzwdZhSaN8QhGQgzRMEIWTIR2mIhGK1Tz/91MLCArG2u7s7d4maA93v5ORUs2ZNDw+PWbNmMU2EhISYmpo6Ozu7uLhcuXKF1USobmJi4ujoaGtru3nzZpTcvHnTzs4OEbqrqyt6V60msB90P3ZVrVo1f39/7qOoqKiKFSsmJSVp2wyEhCDNEwQhZMhHaYj4Y7WiIGpmEXdxqD7xgSD96dOnqoUpKSkFBQXvrsYhk8nYnjMyMnJycop+FBoa2rNnz3c0iSBKhDRPEISQIR+lIdKK1QRIly5ddu/ezXcrCMOGNE8QhJAhH6UhhmS+UmJAmsjLy4uIiMjKyuK7IYRhQ5onCELIkI/SEIMxX+kxIE0QhFYgzRMEIWTIR2mICM1HmiCkBmmeIAghQz5KQ0RoPtIEITVI8wRBCBnyURoiQvORJgipQZonCELIkI/SEBGajzRBSA3SPEEQQoZ8lIaI0HykCUJqkOYJghAy5KM0RITmI00QUoM0TxCEkCEfpSEiNB9pgpAapHmCIIQM+SgNEaH5SBOE1CDNEwQhZMhHaYgIzUeaIKQGaZ4gCCFDPkpDRGg+0gQhNUjzBEEIGfJRGiJC85EmCKlBmicIQsiQj9IQEZqPNEFIDdI8QRBChnyUhojQfKQJQmqQ5gmCEDLkozREh+bLL8i99Xfi6fjDYT8GBhzz+z509YZ9K9btXuoTtESnqe/QD3S6fxwCDgSHg4PCoeEAcZg4WN1ZkjAUSPMEQQgZ8lEGivZjtde5mZdvnd0d7e8bvGxLxHcHftp6JC7o1M2Qn+8fufjw2OVHx6+knjDohEPAgeBwcFA4NBwgDhMHi0PGgePwtW5SQuCQ5vnuAYIg3gX5KL57QFO0Gau9zE4/8su+DfuWB0T5RiYEX/zrGO/9p7eEg8Uh48Bx+DACTKFFwxKChTRPmicIIUM+Shw+SjuxWnZ+1qmrhzbsXxEc88OFh0d57yEeEw4fRoApYBCYRSvmJQQIaZ40TxBChnyUmHyUprFaobzwXGLUpgMrd0Zv+PFeBO9dIpAEU8AgMAuMAxNppasIgUCaJ80ThJAhHyU+H6VRrJYjyz5wdsfWwz4xd8J57wYBJpgFxoGJYChtdRjBL6R50jxBCBnyUaL0UeWP1Z5lPt52ZP2u6I0iuC1RdwnGgYm2H14Hc2mx2wheIM2T5glCyJCPEquPKmesdjf1xsYDK8N+CeDd6AaRYKh1e5Ymp9/TbucR+kQ/mj+euPez6aNKrHbh4dGwC9uFfJswaZ4g9Az5KBH7qPLEajg2n6Al6DCt266+raWJeZ3aJrU692i3Yf8K3vtSiynq2l4Y7W7Kb1rvQkIPlE/zNg2tVu9YyPITZnlZ1DPjPqpnXffo1d2qm+w9+4NxZeN373b8TE8HJzvX91rXqlMTvqbcmsR++g3vSZonCBFAPkrcPqrMsdrTlymbDqw8dHmnLgyHWO3brfPPPzjy6dSRyF96FKW7TtJ/ikrcB9PBgLroSEJ3lFvzgzz7ekwYzPIdurpUqFDhcOwu5Pef22LfpIHaTUr0g9i2jlntc3++uV/4/7V3JvA1nPv/J7EmJJKILSIEERokte87pdaqoKq1K4qqqq0NsWtDEsQWQSISkjQLSRD7ntNeP6V12yqtXi3/q9f9XXpLi+r/4zw1vzg5kZMzZ5nMfN6v55XXkzkzc2a+z+d85/PM9py+nnn8qvk3DmMlhy9b944Wap4QG8AcpfocVTSvdv/BrxtTP049axWjpnvq1VCZ89HUOn61UEk+Fe3bwCcyYYl3nRrLNs/DlI+2heAj54pOzdsHpuhP9nbo2Wpd0jJUTnyfgY8+3r4Adfi8F4IaoKX3nIvr1LutS6UK1WpWEaI59cOeV958GWLCzNv3rxFf3bpLM3w11tlzYCfrySL17NZNaWEIo5Wak1gcOZoPiZxZ17+2Tp+wanhX9W9Sb/GG2fj3ndAJIj9+cjamacsXIObOfdoevZKqe5oH1yUvh+zdK1fCnAbrxAwlS5bclh1hMB1rRhcZi0xfOF5MmbFo4ohJg994O7iia4VF62f3Ce4uzYyu6trdy8QMYgoSdLvuLTGnm4fr7BVvG902ap4QBcIcpYUcVQSv9vjPx3H718cfijI7IoUWeLVxM0dM/XBsw0A/SEFqdbgxNDz8NQx76TKlQ9fNOvDlriGj+8H4n/kxE5IaPnEQZoalg4bgw1DfnBEW2DoAFejg1VF9MRvaFX8xZd6q6a06v5hzaTdE1q5bC/HVtep6ibPB2RcTrLeDKAhg/IH1xe6BYW0iU/MZn8Winwqtbt8X2bFX68Gj+gaPfZL+2nRtHhb7pEcBHU5fMD7n70mohES8Kwm+x4BOWAT6RB1CNVhtz0Gdy5QtjSyWe+Ov24exBvRG4g9H4QeCXHbk2090+ssH6JCMnDJk94nNmefj8cMRq9r7Pzswz/Hv0qXrC+jY1G9UJ6hN44SjG7AqdG+Mbhs1T4jSYI7SSI4qglc7eC49JjPcUpbFaIFXg02uVrNKs7ZNUnXbhCwcHBz2f5EoZoDx8m9aX9T3fZEIkW1K//jj7QvQipgybPxA6Kx2fW8x57SQcaiMmjYUfQUYNelb4Pzg65NPb9maHeFcwUkYOHi12SunWnXvpIIw5vwt3XqNSiyFfM1Xr1llefR85Kwp80ejC9so0O/ktQx0BJGqUMo7lUPyghTRRXlZ36eE4B1LOUo35KL/IE4nG5TJ80ahW9Ll5XbiVDF6Ly07BmE9KC8ENQiPX6TT58Hm7QOlRV5s01go/O0Px/Yf3kuX516Q7fvX4KcUlbJCmtnotlHzhCgN5iiN5ChTvdp/f/slMnHp0W/NP81oSpGugU75YAxcFNrY4NI43Hr/13pJ/1au6r4o6v3Dl1MgHfi5On61si8mYMF9+nryqWjMg0/RA3B0dBj77munrz+xZWhgfNow0E8UcXkeXk1cPLVBOXolFcH872/FfoQydWMRzSODDBndr1u/DhtTP0o6GQ2hrtoRig4JPkK2Qj9S0qG4+G4gePRukYaMrhk9DXdPt9f1Fwj6Du2BurSq+avf0eW7LRdJEKkQlbr+tbExeWdYufVDdI5PfJ8hzWx026h5QhQFc5R2cpSpXm3vmV3xh9bLjEWhRfJqsMxQTFjsAgNZDJ8wSLSlTm/C0HjiTrXGzRuiTxDwoj/q7bq1gNWD98q75s0ZYZU8XNF70Om7ETOXTjL4alt6NZ3+jOveM4lWbVoiE4to/sOId9ExgLDR8ci9kV3BxblJi0bj33sdH23LjnBwcMg8H593fgPBe/lUX7t7WUErR4r0b1IPFWRDccU/bzHIgzmXdiO1rd4RCv2LCxPSDNgS9Fljsv6vd25026h5QhQFc5R2cpRJXu3W3ZsRCUtOXrP6gGLCq539KeutOW86OjpkX9hpIIsNn6wsV75s4rGNaEj4LTcPV3FH4dh3X4PCJswaifq0kHGoSzckYg1iKDToL3TdLJ3+qihse8ZnsahDneJTG3s1fGnEzsUIrLUbmJiHpTSf9ul2pBiRrVBadgzCv1syV+v0N/PWru8dPLb/8e/S8e+hr5N1T+8FQdcCdSSmsuXK5O1Kouw6vin+8JN7U/Azade9Zff+HVGPPbAWaUu85gY/DfHkVP7H3dEDdq9cacyM4bpnEyW2BPrv2rf9gS93oZ71+U6j20bNE6IcmKM0laNM8mq7jsQk6a8nWrvAq8GZOZZybNy84fvLp+iMPR48ae4oiAO+u0r1yuL5A5SNaR9DXuKhTmgCdUwRH/V+tat45LNttxbiEjv8WZ/g7lgtJmIltr8GKgpCisBau4GJeVhQ81D1kNH9dE9Tj3PFv26R1Okfbq/fqA66Ft51arTVP+YCwePfngM7+TbwKVO29Kxlkw3WtnDte5Au9F+zdvUOPVuJLgfKB+EzsOYatap5VvMQD0nlz4MhkTPx00g+vUXaGGmGHYeivH290BFydXcRfZ7820bNE6IcmKM0laMK92p37v0vnOaZHxX0qjNYriK98Q+uP/87WmDGpUcW7FIQUgQW4bVBM5MiYWPNo6couoZ6VWQe1o/id/CrpJPXMozOjw5l0sno/G8tQm8V3U05byXMvphg8J7xvNtGzROiEJijtJajCvdqRz/Piju4zjaC0FrZcXDd0fNZNmhmUiSoeWqeECXDHKW1HFW4V4vOWH3w70l2D58qS86l3dEZ4TZoZlIkqHlqnhAlwxyltRxViFe79/sv4fGLcn/Ktnv4VFkQWIQXQbZNYxNToOapeUKUDHOUBnNUIV7t/NXcvE/Jsli8xGSGf3411zaNTUyBmqfmCVEyzFEazFGFeLVsXUryqS32ildkwpJF62ebOPPpf+wNXTerT3D3/O9OU3JBeBFk2zQ2MQX7at5SPwcll5TTMdm5yfZuZ0KKKzbIUWJUxvRPt8t5DqD4FgXmqEK8WkLOZsu+a+45paqXZyUP14quFSpXdR81fZjO2AO9zykrtnzg37T+tuyITekf272lTS8IL4Jsm8YmpmA9zfcY0MnFraJ4n58ZRfo55H+RjXnroeYJKY5Y9bh87Gra8AmD3CtXata2SVCbxu6ebq+99Yod0wVzlKAQr7YpNUyMsWqDIl6Em3sje13SshIlSuw6vun5BxVY/tJlSkuP7w4a2Vt6/20xKke/Td2Y+rFtGpuYgpU0f/CrJOeKThVcnNGpMG8N0s8BXd6ivm4msNULi6LeF3Xk4vyvsKHmCSkuWPW43G9Yz8bNG0rDsZ/9KatIb8hSR1FgjirEq63dtcwGwxWIIg0wdfxqWtlyZRatn53Xq41/7/UGjevC4/d/rZcYfcIvoC4snbev16uj+k4LGedcwcmlUgX8++SNxv/YC99Wuaq7RxW34LH9pXfAtO7SDF/RvH1gz4Gdkk9F+zbw2ZK5GuupXrPKml1LV+0IxeL4d1t2hM00gfAiyLZpbGIKVtL8rGWTu/Xr8MqbL7fv0UqaCEEuj57ftlsLeLiufduLQTiEMtclL8df9G7fCZ0gZpZ+DmIGMRE9lnbdW1Z0reDm4SpeLxmZsKRVpxcrebi27BiUeGyjTj+qB3o1+C1A3qevZ85YNFHq1WDxVp1fxLf71Kspfn0oYoaZS97CT7JFh0DxsmhqnhCFYL3j8p6/xeGoKsYkMChGc4XIRbEH1jYK9PPyqS51RMNiF2AKZhZDsKMENPMXL6tHwSFYDPdpylF48YbZNWpVQyacvnB83gT1xtvByHvWCIIyc1QhXi08fpH0/mJrF2mAKTQJDi1pn27P69UWRb2fmrt1/xeJru4uYviL7fsioao95+IOf5OCgxwOhEPG9M++mIA1THz/jbr+tSGgnUfW+zet/+bUYLGSWnW90OrQE2YTA2XgMBl/OGr4xEEwdp1eaoNj20uDu74c3N02u6zTnyNBkG3T2MQUrKR5/yb1sOaYrPAng6ddTJAEWcev1sqtHyJJIVXN+Wiq7ukQLj0GdILCYdRQF33c/NdAIfX6jeoEtWmccHRDzt+T8FvQ6cfw2JT+8YnvM9AhgbB1+tF16zWs8/7yKeJ7pfWgz1P/BV90fvCzWrZ5XtnyZfGTETMgM/YZ0g0/jWZtmxQ0MDM1T4hdsN5xGYkIR9X892kUlCtEsgpsHbD+k5VT5o9GNhMz16xdPSplBdaT9rSnh96jdHsSjsLYBWnx5xyFkdZcKlXAp5gIZybOJiJBubhVHDllyO4Tm60RBGXmqEK8WljsQivFIn+BVxNnzpwrOi1c+56ugBtrcPAQg1qk6rZBVdI10D7B3WG0JSlM+WCMqGNmjypuuqeHxtkrp4o6VOLg4JCjf0VNxM7FaHvxkuUPwmegQ2CzvdY96YIstE1jE1OwhuaRa5CGRHpFr3RayDhJkFIPFakH/Q2hTMdSjpKwIWYkR50xr4Z+Kn4CyIlGvxTKh40TdThF6RqotB4xGpuUTDFz8Nj+YgZ0gsU9xej2dOzVmponRDlY77iMLFHeqVz+6QXlCmG2cCxGPelktHRE9q5TY9j4gXnHLSjIqz3/KBy6blbLjkHJp7egvBDUQCyFBNW8faCVIqDYHKWs82qvTxq8JXO1dCU+r1fDIa17/47turd0dXd5rzCvhkMd+geiHr1nlTRb3kE/896gHZm4pEqNyqIeEvGuLb2aAv27xrGG5oeOG1C7vjc6jih+AXWlK5h5BflhxLuiV2rw6ECbrs3Fma38Xm3l1g+RKA0GTkYHdNAbfdp1a1GvYZ3nezUsjn5R3o1Ep9bgd4c+j8W9GjVPiBysd1wWI2uLIaTyloJyRd5kJY7I4pwcvB2Sm2c1j8iEJeLTgrza84/CfYf2cPd0axjoJ8r81e/obPJ0lAJzlBLvV5OK1CRxOWvLlC2dciYG9RYdAgv1apCINKAsHLpLpb+uaivQqynwurjGsbjmkbzEYMPvhE5AefvDsTBY2/dFGggS6h34em9dPq/m5VN97e5lOmNebVt2BH4CBm9aQo92+oInN3bM+WhqXq+GHqrBz2rL3tVYXHpMAaZw0MjeOut7NWqeEDlY77icc2k3DrXzwqYbTC8oVxTk1XT6IUGnzB9drnxZMVgnvNqGT1bq9G/Xcq9cyUSv9vqkwYGtAww2xgZeTYE5SnHPgRptktU7Qj2quJ34PiPx2EYciibPG6XTP84GVe04FCVmzuvVBo/q27Jj0OHLKShtu7Xo8/T+MwV6NQU+b6JxLK755dHzGzSum3dK8/aBr47qKwT52luv5N7IRorEPOJap7isIG7vhQ8rW66MOHOW36shG2INXfu2P/DlLtSzPt+J7qCTc3l4u0NfJ0P2fgF/fW/nPm1HTRtq8LM6eS0DsoexwwbsPrEZ/Wb80HTW92rUPCFysOpxGRnJzcM1es8q8S+ySsTOxQXlCqNeDSXh6Aad/s0X8GrIRai/ENTg3cVvYbORl7CIiV4t9sBaBwcHfKTT3wYnHmC3gVdTYI5S1vvVCvJqcOIBzfwruDj7N60/avowV3cXcWPj8ImDXNwqYjbds14t5+9JMP4ulSqgtOgQuO9pb0CBXk2B73HROBbXPHoLM5e8lXdKSORMKBPpD4Ls8nI7n3o1oW1YItEBfXK/mqNDz4GdfBv4oDcinSE2+n419FW8fb2QEMWpO0zB3/JO5aBnZEb4NnHjJrIt8q9/k3q6ZzMdHCF+d9VrVoEjHDNjuMEX6azj1ah5QuRg1eMynNbIKUNKlyldw7sqUhP6e+KZJ6O5wqhXgzmrUr1yjVrVvOvUkO7NXbj2PecKTkhTWJvp10B1+itjsIZYxLOah3jU3QZeTYE5StHjFhiUnKdD1UqvfkGBLAzu15HK4W9S7PseKVOKAt+PrHFsqXnReUB2y8kzDLOUvw5+lSS9bub5JftignQzwBPlX045ff3J7Szoxf7fJYl/7M37w3lm8Qs7xfzUPCHKxwY5Cgkh6WQ0UpDZuQLZxuCmuuNX08x7E3jujeysz3facgQFBeYojgdq56LAccc0ji01n/dEr1RkDkug/ELNEyIHHpc1mKMK8Wr3fv8lPH5R7k/Zdo+dKgsCi/AiyLZpbGIKttT8uqRl+d8JfvhySn4Dp5pCzRMiEx6XNZijCvFqIDojvKBLJywyCwKL8NqgmUmRoOapeUKUDHOU1nJU4V7t6OdZcQfX2T18qiw7Dq47ej7LBs1MigQ1T80TomSYo7SWowr3anfu/W/EzsVnfrTdbX0aKQgpAovw2qCZSZGwo+YjE5YsWj/bxJlP/2Nv6LpZfYK7z1w6ye56puYJsRnMUVrLUYV7NbDrSEzSqWi7B1FlBSFFYK3dwMQ8bKP5ql6elTxcK7pWqFzVfdT0J6+eKdLj6Cu2fODftP627AjpheAKL9Q8IZaCOUpTOcokr3br7s2IhCU2G8BACwXBREgRWGs3MDEP22hevFMw90b2uqRlJUqU2HV80/PzYPqn20uXKS29nmPQyN4jJg22u5ipeUJsD3OUpnKUSV4N7D2zK/7QeruHUjUFwURIrdq0RCY20Lz0/ufjV9PKliuzaP3svHlw/HuvN2hc193Trf9rvZArMcUvoC7Spbev16uj+k4LGedcwcmlUgX8m/X5TiRH5ET0fT2quAWP7S+9mK11l2b4iubtA3sO7JR8Ktq3gc+WzNVYT/WaVdbsWrpqRygWx7/o+FLzhBQvmKO0k6NM9Wr//e2XyMSlR79NtXawtFAQRgQTIbVq0xKZ2EDzIg+e/Slr+sLx6Iymfbo9bx5cFPV+au7W/V8kurq7IHlhyvZ9kciDe87FHf4m5eiV1G79OgwZ0z/7YgLWMPH9N+r61449sHbnkfX+Teu/OfWvMTxq1fWqUavaii0fYDYxelXbbi3iD0cNnzgISbPTS20Sj218aXDXl5+Ow0bNE1JcYI7STo4y1auBg+fSYzL5/j0LFIQRwbReoxJLYW3NIw+KXqlzRaeFa9/TFXAvSLO2TcRIU2IUF+n6Qt5x1ZDsxHBSKJgZPVdRRx6cvXKqqCMPOjg4iDESInYudnGriL6yTj+Ki7XHVaPmCbEGzFEayVFF8GqP/3wct399/NOx0lnMKwjgjgPrEUzrNSqxFNbWPPLg65MGoz8qjcScNw+iO9u9f8d23Vuiz/peYXnQsZTjml1LRT16zyppNiWMgUvNE2IlmKM0kqOK4NXA/Qe/bkz9OPXsNuuFTN0l9ezWTWlhCKOVmpNYHKtqXroXRCpSHozLWVumbOmUMzGot+gQWGge9KzmIY3yjj6oS6UKom73PEjNE2JVmKO0kKOK5tXArTs31+5alnUhwUpRU3FJzd2G0CGA1mhIYj2sp/nn5MHVO0I9qrid+D4j8dhG7zo1Js8bhYnHrqYhOe542ofOmwcHj+rbsmPQ4cspKG27tejz9N4O++ZBap4QG8AcpfocVWSvBi7f+CIsdmHW54bjGLI8p2Rf2ImgXb99xeJNSGyAlTT/nDyIjmlAM/8KLs7+TeuPmj7M1d0l9sBaTB8+cZCLW0XMpns2D+b8PalN1+boqqKgj7vvi0Qx3Y55kJonxGYwR6k7R5nj1QD2bXVcaMrpLRaPnSpLypkYOPfLN7+0bOMRW2IXzYt7bHX6IeqkiYe+TkZf1uj8h7950me1u+CpeUJsD3OUinOUmV4N/Hz3ZnT6Kvjo3J+y7R50xRYEZ/v+NQjUz4p8vR4pEtQ8NU+IkmGOUmuOMt+rgd8e3d91JHpTetihbxRhk5VWEBYEJ/FINAJlqQYj9oWap+YJUTLMUarMUbK82p/6B4aPXchau2vZtn1rjl5Js3szKKQgFAgIwoLgKPkxYGIG1Dw1T4iSYY5SX46S69UE9x/eyzmXFpm4JP5Q1KkfND1sKHYfQUAoEBCExSLhJQqEmqfmCVEyzFFqylGW8WqCO/dv7zmTEJmwOCYzPPN/4qU3rGihYGexy9hx7D6CgFBYMLBEsVDz1DwhSoY5Sh05ypJeTfDr73dzvzoStz8qPH7RhtSPdh3flPFZbM6l3Se+zzj9w96zP2XZvf1kltyfsrEj2B3sFHYNO4jdxM5il7Hj2H2Lh5QoHGre3i1ACHkezFH2bgG5WN6rSTz84/evf7yQcy4j+ejWmL0R65JWRCYsWbUjNCx2ofXKoqj3S5VyxF/rfcWquFDsCHYHO4Vdww5iN7Gz1oskKS5Q84QQJcMcVUyxolezC8uWLStRogT+2ntDCLER1DwhRMkwR8lHVV7t0aNHXl5e0ETNmjUfPnxo780hxOpQ84QQJcMcZRFU5dWSk5M7dOgATXTs2DEpKcnem0OI1aHmCSFKhjnKIqjKq0EQkAU0IcRh780hxOpQ84QQJcMcZRHU49U+//xzLy+vR48eQRPipCum2HujCLEi1DwhRMkwR1kK9Xi1MWPGiFsXoQn8Xb58+ejRo+29UYRYEWqeEKJkmKMshXq8GkRw796T9xELTaCOKfbeKEKsCDVPCFEyzFGWQj1eTUJoghDtQM0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfjsq4lTp05t3rzZYOLNmzfnzJljl+0hWoCaJ4QoGeYomajfqzVo0CAjI8Nm375mzZru3bsbTLx48WKZMmVstg1Ea1DzhBAlwxwlE/V7tdu3b//+++82+3YVaIIUO6h5QoiSYY6Sifq92ksvvXT48GFUrl+/PmjQIHd3dx8fn19//dVgqdDQ0MWLF4t6WFjY3LlzRX3OnDm1a9f29PRMTU0VUxITE319fatWrbp69Wox5cGDBxMnTvTw8GjevPmECRMK0gQ2IyAgAAuGh4djYnx8fL9+/aR5xo0bl5aWZpEIEK1BzRNClAxzlEzU79Wkc61o3SlTpjx69OjKlSv4a7DU5MmTp06dKuqzZ88ePXo0KufOnYMgfvnlF3QCfv755z/1vQGo6sKFC5cuXXJzc7t79y4mRkdHBwUFffXVV9euXWvfvr1RTTg4OAwbNuyzzz6DIFD/17/+dePGDUdHx2+++QYz3Lp1y8XF5T//+Y9VIkLUDjVPCFEyzFEy0ZBXmzdvXrNmzSAIo0sZ1cT58+ednJzS09Ol2WC6e/TocVlPq1atsrOzMTE4OBiWX8xQ0LnW0qVLw+aLf2H/k5KSUMGqFixYgAqEMmLECJk7TjQLNU8IUTLMUTLRkFe7c+cOHHSpUqVCQkIePnxosJRRTYCoqCjIAo13/fp1/Ivp1apVa/GUmJgYTPTw8MjJyRHzm3JdvHfv3gsXLkQlNjbWz88PlaZNmx46dMgy+0+0BzVPCFEyzFEy0ZBXE5w6dcrT0zMlJcVgKWhiypQpoj5x4kRJE+Cf//wnNDF06FDUZ82a1bFjR4NlGzVqtHXrVlE3RRN169Y9ePAgKnfv3oXgoqOjfXx8Hj9+XPR9JeQJ1DwhRMkwR8lEQ14NDSMePGnXrl18fLzBUmFhYWhs+Hp8hHYSmvjhhx/E5fCIiIgBAwb8qb9S7ujoeODAAdTRiugToDJt2rRevXrdvn37woUL/v7+BV0XhxxRz83NLV++/P3798VHw4cPx9ehS2H5QBDNQM0TQpQMc5RMNOTVRo4c6eHhAa/dp08f6RK1BJq/fv36zs7OQ4YMmTFjhtDE7t27K1WqFBAQ0LRpU51OJ+aEVXd1dfX19fXy8tqwYQOmXLp0ydvbGw49KCgIrWtUE1gPmh+rKleuXFRUlPRRVlZWyZIlv/vuO0uHgWgIap4QomSYo2Sifq+WF7hm4bgLIv8THzDpt27dyj/xxo0bf/zxx/Nnk3j06JFY87///e/ffvst70dJSUldunR5ziYRUijUPCFEyTBHyURbXk2BtG7dOi4uzt5bQYo31DwhRMkwR8mkOIXPRIqRJh48eJCWlnbv3j17bwgp3lDzhBAlwxwlk2ITPtMpRpogxCJQ84QQJcMcJRMVho+aIFqDmieEKBnmKJmoMHzUBNEa1DwhRMkwR8lEheGjJojWoOYJIUqGOUomKgwfNUG0BjVPCFEyzFEyUWH4qAmiNah5QoiSYY6SiQrDR00QrUHNE0KUDHOUTFQYPmqCaA1qnhCiZJijZKLC8FETRGtQ84QQJcMcJRMVho+aIFqDmieEKBnmKJmoMHzUBNEa1DwhRMkwR8lEheGjJojWoOYJIUqGOUomKgwfNUG0BjVPCFEyzFEyUWH4qAmiNah5QoiSYY6SiRXD9/CP37/68cLBc+nJR7fG7I1Yl7QiMmHJqrjQsNiFVi09B3a26vqxC9gR7A52CruGHcRuYmetF0lSXKDmCSFKhjmqmGJ5r/br73dzvzoStz8qPH7RxrSPdx3flPFZbM6l3Se+zzj9w97cn7J1N/cV64JdwI5gd7BT2DXsIHYTO4tdxo5j9y0eUqJwqHl7twAh5HkwR9m7BeRiSa925/7tjDMJkQmLY7LCM8/Hn/7HXru3n80Kdha7jB3H7iMICIUFA0sUCzVPzROiZJij1JGjLOPV7j+8l/O31MjEJfGH1p/6YY/dW8iOBbuPICAUCAjCYpHwEgVCzVPzhCgZ5ig15Si5Xu3xn4+PXchau2vZtv2RR6+k2b1JFFIQCgQEYUFwECKLNBVRCNQ8NU+IkmGOUl+OkuXVfnt0f9eRLZvSww59k2L3ZlBgQVgQHIQIgbJUgxH7Qs1T84QoGeYoVeYo873az3f/3+aM1dv3r1HBbYnWKwgOQhSdvgrhsmCzEbtAzVPzhCgZ5ii15igzvdrlm1+u2bUs+UyM3YNeLAoCtWpH6PXbVyzbeMSW2Ebz2Rd2vvF2cKGznfphT/KpaCXfJkzNE2JjmKNUnKPM8WrYt7DYhWgwi8euqpenq7tLRdcKrTq9GJm4xO5tacGS9flOBO3yjS8s3oTEBpin+Rq1qq3Y8oGoj5kx3KOKm/RRleqV9/wtLv8iO4+sL1W61PNXO/qdYbXrewe1aVzBxRm5xmxNYj29XulCzROiApij1J2jiuzVbt25sXbXstTcbdYIHLza0k1zT17LGDn5VdTP/pRlvUayfcm6kIDQIYDWaEhiPczWfL9hPYeM6S/qzds1LVGiRPqn21FPPLbRp15No4sUmgexrItbxWNXn9wvfPp65vGr5t84jJUcvmzdO1qoeUJsAHOU6nNU0bza/Qe/bkz9OPWsVYya7qlXQ2XOR1Pr+NVCJflUtG8Dn8iEJd51aizbPA9TPtoWgo+cKzo1bx+Yoj/Z26Fnq3VJy1A58X0GPvp4+wLU4fNeCGqAlt5zLq5T77YulSpUq1lFiObUD3teefNliAkzb9+/Rnx16y7N8NVYZ8+Bnawni9SzWzelhSGMVmpOYnHkaD4kcmZd/9o6fcKq4V3Vv0m9xRtm4993QieI/PjJ2ZimLV+AmDv3aXv0SqruaR5cl7wcsnevXAlzGqwTM5QsWXJbdoTBdKwZXWQsMn3heDFlxqKJIyYNfuPt4IquFRatn90nuLs0M7qqa3cvEzOIKUjQ7bq3xJxuHq6zV7xtdNuoeUIUCHOUFnJUEbza4z8fx+1fH38oyuyIFFrg1cbNHDH1w7ENA/0gBanV4cbQ8PDXMOyly5QOXTfrwJe7hozuB+N/5sdMSGr4xEGYGZYOGoIPQ31zRlhg6wBUoINXR/XFbGhX/MWUeaumt+r8Ys6l3RBZu24txFfXquslzgZnX0yw3g6iIIDxB9YXuweGtYlMzWd8Fot+KrS6fV9kx16tB4/qGzz2Sfpr07V5WOyTHgV0OH3B+Jy/J6ESEvGuJPgeAzphEegTdQjVYLU9B3UuU7Y0sljujb9uH8Ya0BuJPxyFHwhy2ZFvP9HpLx+gQzJyypDdJzZnno/HD0esau//7MA8x79Ll64voGNTv1GdoDaNE45uwKrQvTG6bdQ8IUqDOUojOaoIXu3gufSYzHBLWRajBV4NNrlazSrN2jZJ1W0TsnBwcNj/RaKYAcbLv2l9Ud/3RSJEtin944+3L0ArYsqw8QOhs9r1vcWc00LGoTJq2lD0FWDUpG+B84OvTz69ZWt2hHMFJ2Hg4NVmr5xq1b2TCsKY87d06zUqsRTyNV+9ZpXl0fORs6bMH40ubKNAv5PXMtARRKpCKe9UDskLUkQX5WV9nxKCdyzlKN2Qi/6DOJ1sUCbPG4VuSZeX24lTxei9tOwYhPWgvBDUIDx+kU6fB5u3D5QWebFNY6Hwtz8c2394L12ee0G271+Dn1JUygppZqPbRs0TojSYozSSo0z1av/97ZfIxKVHvzX/NKMpRboGOuWDMXBRaGODS+Nw6/1f6yX9W7mq+6Ko9w9fToF04Ofq+NXKvpiABffp68mnojEPPkUPwNHRYey7r52+/sSWoYHxacNAP1HE5Xl4NXHx1Abl6JVUBPO/vxX7EcrUjUU0jwwyZHS/bv06bEz9KOlkNIS6akcoOiT4CNkK/UhJh+Liu4Hg0btFGjK6ZvQ03D3dXtdfIOg7tAfq0qrmr35Hl++2XCRBpEJU6vrXxsbknWHl1g/ROT7xfYY0s9Fto+YJURTMUdrJUaZ6tb1ndsUfWi8zFoUWyavBMkMxYbELDGQxfMIg0ZY6vQlD44k71Ro3b4g+QcCL/qi369YCVg/eK++aN2eEVfJwRe9Bp+9GzFw6yeCrbenVdPozrnvPJFq1aYlMLKL5DyPeRccAwkbHI/dGdgUX5yYtGo1/73V8tC07wsHBIfN8fN75DQTv5VN97e5lBa0cKdK/ST1UkA3FFf+8xSAP5lzajdS2ekco9C8uTEgzYEvQZ43J+r/eudFto+YJURTMUdrJUSZ5tVt3b0YkLDl5zeoDigmvdvanrLfmvOno6JB9YaeBLDZ8srJc+bKJxzaiIeG33DxcxR2FY999DQqbMGsk6tNCxqEu3ZCINYih0KC/0HWzdPqrorDtGZ/Fog51ik9t7NXwpRE7FyOw1m5gYh6W0nzap9uRYkS2QmnZMQj/bslcrdPfzFu7vnfw2P7Hv0vHv4e+TtY9vRcEXQvUkZjKliuTtyuJsuv4pvjDT+5Nwc+kXfeW3ft3RD32wFqkLfGaG/w0xJNT+R93Rw/YvXKlMTOG655NlNgS6L9r3/YHvtyFetbnO41uGzVPiHJgjtJUjjLJq+06EpOkv55o7QKvBmfmWMqxcfOG7y+fojP2ePCkuaMgDvjuKtUri+cPUDamfQx5iYc6oQnUMUV81PvVruKRz7bdWohL7PBnfYK7Y7WYiJXY/hqoKAgpAmvtBibmYUHNQ9VDRvfTPU09zhX/ukVSp3+4vX6jOuhaeNep0Vb/mAsEj397Duzk28CnTNnSs5ZNNljbwrXvQbrQf83a1Tv0bCW6HCgfhM/AmmvUquZZzUM8JJU/D4ZEzsRPI/n0FmljpBl2HIry9vVCR8jV3UX0efJvGzVPiHJgjtJUjircq925979wmmd+VNCrzmC5ivTGP7j+/O9ogRmXHlmwS0FIEViE1wbNTIqEjTWPnqLoGupVkXlYP4rfwa+STl7LMDo/OpRJJ6Pzv7UIvVV0N+W8lTD7YoLBe8bzbhs1T4hCYI7SWo4q3Ksd/Twr7uA62whCa2XHwXVHz2fZoJlJkaDmqXlClAxzlNZyVOFeLTpj9cG/J9k9fKosOZd2R2eE26CZSZGg5ql5QpQMc5TWclQhXu3e77+Exy/K/Snb7uFTZUFgEV4E2TaNTUyBmqfmCVEyzFEazFGFeLXzV3PzPiXLYvESkxn++dVc2zQ2MQVqnponRMkwR2kwRxXi1bJ1KcmntlgvIpnn4yfNHdUnuHv0nlV2bx67FIQXQbZNYxNTsLbmzS6RCUsWrZ9t982QX1JOx2TnJtu7nQkprtggR4lRGdM/3S7nOYDiWxSYowrxagk5m+W8a65KjcpLNs55zgw9BnR67a1XtmVHSM/oaq0gvAiybRqbmIJMzT9f7S5uFcX7/Mwo0uPr+V9kY956qHlCiiPWy1Eox66mDZ8wyL1ypWZtmwS1aezu6YZjtB3TBXOUoBCvtik1TIyxal4p1KtVdK0Ao2b2+uH6S5cpbfAEr11WYnY5+m3qxtSPbdPYxBRkar6gcvCrJOeKThVcnFds+cC8NUgeC13eor5uJrDVC4ui3hd15OL8r7Ch5gkpLlgpR4nSb1jPxs0bSsOxn/0pq0hvyFJHUWCOKsSrrd21TM5rkSWvNmPRxBGTBs9c8lZVL88WHQLF62dRKVGiRLWaVbr164B/W3dptnTT3ObtA8XAXuPfe71B47ow9f1f6yWGm9DpR2SvXrNKJQ/XlTFPDnh+AXWxBm9fr1dH9ZW+BfPAAoo1THz/DbHgtJBxb04NFvVVcQvrNaxTrnzZGt5VU3O3GqzE6FLJp6J9G/hEJizxrlNDjFO7eMPsGrWqofMxfeF4OZpAeBFk2zQ2MQWZmi+ozFo2GTp/5c2X2/doJU2E5pdHz2/brQU8XNe+7cUgHEJs65KX4y8E9k7oBDGz5NXEDGIifkrtureE4N08XMXrJaHSVp1exG+kZcegxGMbdfpRPdAb8ajiBpGfvp4pfibS4q06v4hv96lXUwzvVtCv1YKFmidEDlbKUSh7/haHo6EYk8CgGM0VIhfFHljbKNDPy6e61BENi12AKZhZDMGOEtDMX7ysHgVHeTHcp1h8S+ZqHIVxZF+za+mqHaFIU/hXOomT/1BrcKC3RlFgjirEq4XHL5LeX2xGkbwaDjOIdZ8h3eIPRzVr20QM9QrnXqZsaTRPjv7Z41p1vdAkaOzsiwn4d1HU+zBS+79IdHV3EeNdQBBoThzPMP+BL3dhyvZ9kRDWnnNx4tV8+BYXt4ojpwzZfWIz/h08qu+QMf3FlmBi36E9dPo3HTs4OKCZD32d/MnZmONX0wxWYnQpMapGh56tIKDDl1OwAS6VKmBfsDbIRU4XB+FFkG3T2MQUZGq+oOLfpB7WHJMV/mTwNL3Chebr+NVaufVD/Aqg7TkfTZXE1mNAJygTRg110cfNfw0UXd76jeoEtWmccHQDNAkN6/RjeGxK//jE9xno8wyfOEinH10XnZP3l08R3yutB12g+i/4oi+EXxl6IGXLl8VPrKBfqwULNU+IHKyUo1CQiHA0zH+fRkG5QiSrwNYB6z9ZOWX+aGQzMXPN2tWjUlZgPWlPe3roPSIviToO9NgFaXF0VpFqkKwqV3Xv9FIbHFVfGtz15eDumMHoodbgQG+NosAcVYhXC4tdKGeH83o12Gpxl+LE99/o2Ku1mKFsuTKiyXX649bslVPzrwRHCzGKxY6D6yCRj7aFSB+l6rZBWNLlS3wLDLv0qVHXhQpEI52oy7+SgrwaHJ504Sl03ayWHYOST29BeSGogZCd2QVBtk1jE1OQqXmjBbkGaUikV/RKp4WMkzQv9VAhNnGCGWJzLOUoCRJ5TZzKze/V0E+FdJETjX4pfjWwcaIOpyhdA5XWI0Zjk5IpZg4e2/85v1YLFmqeELOxRo4SBVmivFO5/NMLyhXCbOEYinrSyWjpSOpdp8aw8QPzjltQkFfDgVWcrInYuRgOTCzyQfiMRoF+ugIOtQYHeisVpeUo251Xk25nnvLBmIK8Wt4ROXEM696/Y7vuLV3dXd57OuIYDj+wa2g8cQohv1fLe9O0UdfVc1Bng2OPiV4t793cmOju6dYw0E+U+avfMTtECvTvGscafdah4wbUru+NjiOKX0Bd6QpmXs1/GPGu6JUaiK1N1+bizFZ+r7Zy64dIlAYDJ6MDOuiNPu26tajXsM7zvRoWd67olHcj0al9zq/VUoWaJ0QO1juvJkbWFpeY8paCckXeZCWOpOKcHA7rSG6e1TwiE5aITwvyatLikYlLYBhEPSTiXeHVjB5qbfB0lAJzlI3uVyuqV4vLWVumbOmUMzE6/W1t7+UZHXbfF4nwarBxOhO8mrgFDWXQyN7CdY2YNLiql2fejczv1fIvZXD4fH3S4MDWARbRhAKvi2sci98LguQlBht+J3QCytsfjoXB2r4v0kDzb7wdPPD13vnF5uVTfe3uZTpjXm1bdgSka/CmJfRopy94cmPHnI+m5vVq6KEa/Ey27F2NxaWzxTCFEPxzfq2WKtQ8IXKw3v1q4sakeWHTDaYXlCsK8mo6/ZCgU+aPLle+rBisE15twycrdfrhvN0rVzLRqxk91NrAqykwR9noOdCierXVO0I9qrid+D4j8dhGHHsmzxuFiRmfxYrb1GYsmijWcOxqGoS141CU0SacFjIOzQzF4ChVtnxZ4brEZaPZK6fCOB/6Ohl7Z7ASo0sZHD6xzQ4ODtCWTn9tXs5TdQp83kTjWPwZq+XR8xs0rpt3SvP2gaI/AM2/9tYrkBBSJOYR1zrFZQVxey98GH4j4sxZfq8GlWINXfu2x+8C9azPd0LVTs7l4e2g7T7B3f0C/vrezn3ajpo21OBncvJaBn6hMHbYgN0nNqPfjN/dc36tlirUPCFysOpzoMhIbh6u0htPkVUidi4uKFcY9WooCUc36PRvvoBXQy5C/YWgBu8ufgubjbyERUz0akYPtTbwagrMUTZ6v1pRvRqsd0Az/wouzv5N64+aPszV3QWzLd00F1N8G/jUb1Rn69OHRIZPHOTiVhHrz9+E8HbwedBKt34dhk8YJFwXyuwVb8OEQY5YUHx73pUYXSr/G60+CJ8BvdaoVc2zmod4/s68osD3uGgci7+7qG23FjOXvJV3SkjkTJdKFZD+oPkuL7fzqVcTwsaPQnRAn9yv5ujQc2AnSB29iFlPTyobfb8a+hjevl6Qqzh1hyn4W96pHH56yIzwbfi56fT3gkDw/k3qGfxM4AirenlWr1kFv8QxM4YbfJHOOl6NmidEDlZ9vxqc1sgpQ0qXKV3DuypSE/p74pkno7nCqFeDOatSvTIOjjiSSvfmLlz7nnMFJ6QprM30a6A6Y4daG3g1BeYoO49b8PyS83RsWuldL3DW+d8sBWUY3LKTt+S/9K7Tn5AweGeMwUqMLmVQsDHoc8h8rbMC34+scWypedE/QXbLyTMMs5S/Dn6VBD9nynqyLybkfUEgep9QuE7/BOj/XZL4x17pd2S4+IWdYn7bFGqeEDnYIEchISSdjEYKMjtXINsY3FR3/GqaeW8Ct8ihtrjnKI4HaueiwHHHNI4tNW/wPI0oMoclUH6h5gmRA4/LGsxRhXi1e7//Eh6/KPenbGuHRpsFgUV4EWTbNDYxBVtqfl3SsvzvBD98OSW/gVNNoeYJkQmPyxrMUYV4NRCdEV7QpRMWmQWBRXht0MykSFDz1DwhSoY5Sms5qnCvdvTzrLiD6+wePlWWHQfXHT2fZYNmJkWCmqfmCVEyzFFay1GFe7U79/43YufiMz/a7rY+jRSEFIFFeG3QzKRIWFXzmefjJ80d1Se4u/RUvHYKNU+IRWCO0lqOKtyrgV1HYpJORds9iCorCCkCa+0GJuZhtual99QUVHoM6PTaW69sy45IPm23J6ypeUKKO8xRmspRJnm1W3dvRiQssdKLkrVZEEyEFIG1dgMT8zBb84XmwYquFbY9fTugGSX90+2ly5TO+4YOe62EmifEjjBHaSpHmeTVwN4zu+IPrbdl1NRdEEyE1KpNS2RinualPDhj0cQRkwbPXPJWVS/PFh0C0/XDHqNSokSJajWriGHaW3dptnTT3ObtA3sO7IR/x7/3eoPGdd093fq/1iv3xl8Peb3xdnD1mlUqebiujPkA//oF1MUavH29xMgH4lswD9KrWMPE998QC04LGffm1GBRXxW3sF7DOuXKl63hXTU1d6vBSowulXwq2reBT2TCEu86NcSACos3zK5Rq5p75UrTF46n5gmxO8xR2slRpnq1//72S2Ti0qPfplrWsmizIIwIJkJq1aYlMjFP83nH6kDK6DOkW/zhqGZtm4jx18Vwe2t2LRUvv61V1wuZZcWWD7IvJuDfRVHvI0nt/yLR1d1lS+ZqnX6IFSTBo1dSMb8YYG37vkiksD3n4sTrmvEtLm4VR04ZsvvEZp1+NNshY/qLLcFEMepG4rGNDg4OyJWHvk7+5GzM8atpBisxupQY6qpDz1boYR++nIINcKlUAfuCtSHnFnWIG2qeEIvDHKWdHGWqVwMHz6XHZPL9exYoCCOCab1GJZbCDM3nzYMBzfzFu7bRIyxoXLXZK6fmXwnyphhaasfBdWXLl/1oW4j0kRjIRbo0gG9Bl1f61GhGQwVdXqkTnH8lBeVBZE9pmJDQdbNadgxKPr0F5YWgBmKIGGqeEPvCHKWRHFUEr/b4z8dx+9fHPx3jnMW8ggDuOLAewbReoxJLYYbmzR4DF2Xpprnd+3ds170l+qzvPR0GFAkRqRA5CF1MnbE8mHdoPKMZreegzgZjepqYB/MOn4CJ7p5uDQP9RJm/+h1qnhC7wxylkRxVBK8G7j/4dWPqx6lnt5keApZn9Hd266a0MITRSs1JLE5RNW92HozLWVumbOmUMzE6/S0jUh5E2fdFIvIgUqTOhDwobu9AGTSyt8hoIyYNrurl+YwO8+XB/EsZ5MHXJw0ObB1AzROiNJijtJCjiubVwK07N9fuWpZ1IcGMiGi8pOZuQ+gQQGs0JLEeRdK82Xlw9Y5QjypuJ77PSDy20btOjcnzRmFixmex4haQGYsmijUcu5qGdLnjaTfaIA9OCxmHbHX6emboulno6YqMtn3/GmS92Sunnvkx89DXyUe+/cRgJUaXMsiD2GYHB4fIxCU6/VDKhy+nUPOEKATmKNXnqCJ7NXD5xhdhsQuzPjccx5DlOSX7wk4E7frtKxZvQmIDTNe82XkQPciAZv4VXJz9m9YfNX2Yq7sLZlu6aS6m+Dbwqd+oztanT9EPnzjIxa0i1q/LlweRN5FDy5Uv261fh+ETBomMhjJ7xdtIcG4erlhQfHvelRhdKv8Q8h+Ez3Cu6FSjVjXPah5YITVPiHJgjlJ3jjLHqwHs2+q40BTtvSjPvJJyJgbO/fLNLy3beMSW2Ebz4tkrnf5pLFFBB1G6eVYq6Hqid1vQSsSTUwYFXVKDceINVmJ0KYOCjcHBQNyMTM0ToiiYo1Sco8z0auDnuzej01fB/+b+lF1oUDRbEJzt+9cgUD8r8vV6pEhQ89Q8IUqGOUqtOcp8rwZ+e3R/15HoTelhh0xwuxosCAuCk3gkGoGyVIMR+0LNU/OEKBnmKFXmKFle7U/9A8PHLmSt3bVs2741R6+k2b0ZFFIQCgQEYUFwlPwYMDEDap6aJ0TJMEepL0fJ9WqC+w/v5ZxLi0xcEn8o6tQPmh42FLuPICAUCAjCYpHwEgVCzVPzhCgZ5ig15SjLeDXBnfu395xJiExYHJMZnvk/8TYeddW+BTuLXcaOY/cRBITCgoElioWap+YJUTLMUerIUZb0aoJff7+b+9WRuP1R4fGLNqR+tOv4pozPYnMu7T7xfcbpH/aa8nSGwkvuT9nYEewOdgq7hh3EbmJnscvYcey+xUNKFA41b+8WIIQ8D+Yoe7eAXCzv1SQe/vH71z9eyDmXkXx0a8zeiHVJKyITlqzaERoWu9CqpefAzlZd/6q4UOwIdgc7hV3DDmI3sbPWiyQpLlDzhBAlwxxVTLGiV7MXJUqocKcIeQ7UPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbQGNU8IUTLMUTJRYfioCaI1qHlCiJJhjpKJCsNHTRCtQc0TQpQMc5RMVBg+aoJoDWqeEKJkmKNkosLwURNEa1DzhBAlwxwlExWGj5ogWoOaJ4QoGeYomagwfNQE0RrUPCFEyTBHyUSF4aMmiNag5gkhSoY5SiYqDB81QbSGfTV/6tSpzZs3G0y8efPmnDlz7LI9hBClweOyTFQYPmqCaA0DzTdo0CAjI8Nm375mzZru3bsbTLx48WKZMmVstg2EECXD47JMVBg+aoJoDQPN3759+/fff7fZt9OrEUKeD4/LMlFh+KgJojUMNP/SSy8dPnwYlevXrw8aNMjd3d3Hx+fXX381WCo0NHTx4sWiHhYWNnfuXFGfM2dO7dq1PT09U1NTxZTExERfX9+qVauuXr1aTHnw4MHEiRM9PDyaN28+YcKEgrwaNiMgIAALhoeHY2J8fHy/fv2kecaNG5eWlmaRCBBClAyPyzJRYfioCaI1CroGCtc1ZcqUR48eXblyBX8Nlpo8efLUqVNFffbs2aNHj0bl3LlzMGq//PLL7du3f/755z/1Z+ng9i5cuHDp0iU3N7e7d+9iYnR0dFBQ0FdffXXt2rX27dsb9WoODg7Dhg377LPPYNRQ/9e//nXjxg1HR8dvvvkGM9y6dcvFxeU///mPVSJCCFESPC7LRIXhoyaI1ijIq82bN69Zs2YwakaXMurVzp8/7+TklJ6eLs0WHx/fo0ePy3patWqVnZ2NicHBwWFhYWKGgq6Bli5d+sGDB+JfX1/fpKQkVLCqBQsWoAIDN2LECJk7TggpFvC4LBMVho+aIFqjIK92586dYcOGlSpVKiQk5OHDhwZLGfVqICoqCnYNpur69ev4F9OrVavW4ikxMTGY6OHhkZOTI+Y35X613r17L1y4EJXY2Fg/Pz9UmjZteujQIcvsPyFE2fC4LBMVho+aIFrj+c+Bnjp1ytPTMyUlxWApeLUpU6aI+sSJEyWvBv75z3/Cqw0dOhT1WbNmdezY0WDZRo0abd26VdRN8Wp169Y9ePAgKnfv3oURjI6O9vHxefz4cdH3lRBS/OBxWSYqDB81QbRGQV4Nhkk8ENquXbv4+HiDpcLCwmDCHj58iI/gn4RX++GHH8RtahEREQMGDPhTfwebo6PjgQMHUIe7unPnDirTpk3r1avX7du3L1y44O/vX9D9arCJqOfm5pYvX/7+/fvio+HDh+PrQkJCLB8IQogi4XFZJioMHzVBtEZBXm3kyJEeHh6NGjXq06ePdOuYBGxZ/fr1nZ2dhwwZMmPGDOHVdu/eXalSpYCAgKZNm+p0OjHn1q1bXV1dfX19vby8NmzYgCmXLl3y9vYuU6ZMUFAQXJdRr4b1wJZhVeXKlYuKipI+ysrKKlmy5HfffWfpMBBCFAqPyzJRYfioCaI1nqP5+/fvizNhBZH/SczHjx/funUr/8QbN2788ccfz59N4tGjR2LN//73v3/77be8HyUlJXXp0uU5m0QIURk8LstEheGjJojWKF6ab926dVxcnL23ghBiO4pXjlIgKgwfNUG0RjHS/IMHD9LS0u7du2fvDSGE2I5ilKOUiQrDR00QrUHNE0KUDHOUTFQYPmqCaA1qnhCiZJijZKLC8FETRGtQ84QQJcMcJRMVho+aIFqDmieEKBnmKJmoMHzUBNEa1DwhRMkwR8lEheGjJojWoOYJIUqGOUomKgwfNUG0BjVPCFEyzFEyUWH4qAmiNah5QoiSYY6SiQrDR00QrUHNE0KUDHOUTFQYPmqCaA1qnhCiZJijZKLC8FETRGtQ84QQJcMcJRMVho+aIFqDmieEKBnmKJmoMHzUBNEa1DwhRMkwR8lEheGjJojWoOYJIUqGOUomKgwfNUHkEBa7sNiVngM7230bilrs3c6EENvB47JMVBg+aoLIATZCd3Mfi1ULvRohmoLHZZmoMHzUBJEDvRq9GiHEsvC4LBMVho+aIHKgV6NXI4RYFh6XZaLC8FETRA70avRqhBDLwuOyTFQYPmqCyIFejV6NEGJZeFyWiQrDR00QOdCrmVdyb2SbOJFejRCtweOyTFQYPmqCyEGZXi0yYcmi9bPzT5+1bHJMVrhFvkLOqs7+lPVycPdxM0fknYh/MREf0asRonF4XJaJCsNHTRA5WNyr1ahVbcWWD0R9zIzhHlXcpI+qVK+8529xpqxk9DvDer3SJf/0wFYvzP14Wt4pb7wd3GNAJ1HfeWQ9fg6bM8LEv8MnDJq+YLzpqyqSUcMX4a90Ig0VaWJ+u0avRoim4HFZJioMHzVB5GBxr9ZvWM8hY/qLevN2TaHP9E+3o554bKNPvZomrsR0gxWxc7G75192cPaKt/F1Uz8cK/6t41cr4eiGY1fTDl9OsZRXy2vUDDzZcz6iVyNEU/C4LBMVho+aIHKwuFcLiZxZ1782KqevZ9bwrurfpN7iDbPx7zuhE4SHg3Vr1fnFCi7OsG5LN80VS81YNHHEpMFvvB1c0bWCgVf75GxM4+YNXSpV6DOkG9ZmYLCOfPuJo6PD7hObUX9pcNe23Vp07tMW9b3/s0Oc0hNrfs6qTv2w55U3X3Zxqwhvt33/GvOM2vNnoFcjRFPwuCwTFYaPmiBysLhXy/gsFpo88OWu7fsiO/ZqPXhU3+CxTyxam67Nw2IX5N7Irv+Cb//Xeu3/InHZ5nlly5eNPbBWmDO4pZFThgjXlderter0IlZy+HJKxM7FcHJzPppq8I2NAv1mr3gbFe86NVbvCBUW7YPwGb1f7WrKquatmg7vmHNpN9xku24tTDFqMIJwdShZn+8Un6IipuCj/HaNXo0QTcHjskxUGD5qgsjBGs8WVK9ZZXn0/BmLJk6ZPzokcia81MlrGc4VnY58+wmcGRSbpr8qihLUprFwcnBUzdsHSmuQDNaJ7zPKlisD/yemG71wOXLyq937d8w8H+/fpN7RK6klS5ZM/3R7jwGdFqx5z5RVdejZavrC8cmnt2zNjnCu4HTmx0yjOwXzhy2vUava6euZ42aOKKFHerwg75QnJxRrVUMdi9CrEaJBeFyWiQrDR00QOVjDq70c3H3I6H7d+nXYmPpR0slox1KOq3aENm35Aj5aufVDmDZpzqHjBnR6qY0u3w1q0r9RKSsquDhL0416tdU7Qt0rV1q6aS6+FP/W9a+9KOp9V3cXcdKr0FWVdypXx69Ww0A/UdKf+kieVyOEmAePyzJRYfioCSIHa3i1DyPehfup6uV5/Gpa7o1sOKQmLRqNf+91fLRl72oodv8XiWLONl2bDxrZ+zleLfHYRswvPRwAw5ffq+FTBweHVp1ehEXDv/1f64Wv823gY+KqqtesMnPpJFP2i/erEUJMoWTJkvbehOKNCm0NvRqRgzW8Wtqn2yFL/yb1xL8tOwbh3y2Zq1E/eS2jSo3K0xeMh4fbfWKzc0Wn1TtCn+PVUDyquE0LGXf6H3vnrZpernzZ/Perofg3rY+vSNVtQx0ODPXhEwaZuKpR04bW9a8tro3CXJ76YY95do3PgRJCBPRqMlGhraFXI3Kw0rtwq3p5iiuSwi3Bk0n3gW3OCMOn1WtWKVuuzJgZw/M7KoN/Z69427GUI6xV8Nj+Rs+roYyYNNi9ciVRjz8chR9FePwiE1cFf9YnuHup0qXq+NWqUr1yQddAjXoyvl+NEGLAtWvXnJyc7L0VxRsV2hr6dyIHe41bkH1h5+nrxu/iz1+Of5d+5NtPLPK9Ba0K06Urs4UWjltACDGKMGr4a+8NKd7QqxHyDMocY0r5heOBEkKMwoOyfFTo1WjhiRzo1WxQ6NUI0Qg8r2YRVOjVqAwiB3o1ejVCiEU4fvy4h4cH/tp7Q4o9KvRqf/KMK5EBvRq9GiFEPjRqFkSFXo3n1YgcirtXy76w8423g+2+GfRqhGgZGjXLokKv9idVQmSgKK9Wo1a1FVs+EPUxM4aLkT1FqVK98p6/xeVfZOeR9aVKl7L7ltOrEaJBxLmSEiVK8IyJZVGnV/uTdo2Yi6K8Wr9hPYeM6S/qzds1RQYUbztLPLbRp15No4sUC6/Wc2DnEoQQFVGyZMkStGhWQ7Ve7U/aNWIWivJqIZEz6/rXRuXJ8OfeVf2b1Fu8YTb+fSd0gvBwn5yNadryBeeKTp37tD16JVXyauuSl/s28HGvXAlz2n0v8heeVyOEENNRs1f7k+djSdFRlFfL+CwW6j3w5a7t+yI79mo9eFTf4LFPLFqbrs3DYheg0qrzi9MXjM/5exIqIRHvCq+GDm6PAZ2wCIwa6jmXdtt9R+jVCCHEbFTu1SQk0ybO0xJSED0Hdra7lclbqtessjx6/oxFE6fMHx0SObNRoN/JaxnOFZ2OfPsJSnmncvGHo5JPbxGDBAiv5ljK8fQ/9orFa9SqtmzzPLvvBb0aIYSYjVa8GiEmoqjzaihwYENG9+vWr8PG1I+STkbDh63aEdq05Qv4KDx+UekypRsG+onSc2AnXb771dp0bW4w9JMSCr0aIYSYDr0aIc+gNK/2YcS7dfxqVfXyPH41LfdGdgUX5yYtGo1/73V8tC07wsHBIfN8fN75Dbyal0/1tbuX2X0v6NUIIcRs6NUIeQalebW0T7eXKFHCv0k98W/LjkH4d0vmap3+gYPa9b2Dx/Y//l06/j30dbLu6f1qmzPCUI/JCi9brsyJ7zPsvhfFyKudOnVq8+bNBhNv3rw5Z84cu2wPIYTQqxHyDErzaihVvTyHjO4n6qPfGeZc0enMj5ni38RjG+s3qlPBxdm7To223VoIr4Z/ew7s5NvAp0zZ0rOWTbb79sv0ag0aNMjIyLBeixuwZs2a7t27G0y8ePFimTJlbLYNhBCSF3o1Qp5BgV6t0HLgy13i1BoKbNzhb1JQOfhV0slrijujZoZXu3379u+//269FjeAXo0QojTo1UjxwGZXpoqjVyt2pUhe7aWXXjp8+DAq169fHzRokLu7u4+Pz6+//mowW2ho6OLFi/9qxLCwuXPnijoUUrt2bU9Pz9TUVDElMTHR19e3atWqq1evFlMePHgwceJEDw+P5s2bT5gwoSCvhs0ICAjAguHh4ZgYHx/fr18/aZ5x48alpaWZvl+EEGIi9GrETNR6ZYpeTWleTVIaXNeUKVMePXp05coV/DWYbfLkyVOnThX12bNnjx49GpVz587BqP3yyy+3b9/++eef/9SfpYPbu3DhwqVLl9zc3O7evYuJ0dHRQUFBX3311bVr19q3b29UaQ4ODsOGDfvss89g1FD/17/+dePGDUdHx2+++QYz3Lp1y8XF5T//+Y+ZsiOEkIKhVyNmotYrU/RqivVq8+bNa9asGYya0dmMerXz5887OTmlp6dLs8XHx/fo0eOynlatWmVnZ2NicHBwWFiYmKEgpZUuXfrBgwfiX19f36SkJFSwqgULFqACAzdixAjTd4oQQkyHXo2YiVqvTNGrKdar3blzZ9iwYaVKlQoJCXn48KHBbEa9GoiKioJdg6mCUPEvplerVq3FU2JiYjARGsvJyRHzm9Ir6N2798KFT3YhNjbWz88PlaZNmx46dMj0nSKEENOhVyNmotYrU/RqivVqglOnTsHip6Sk5FcadCjqsPiSVwP//Oc/4dWGDh2K+qxZszp27GiwbKNGjbZu3Srqpni1unXrHjx4EBUIFUYQQkVH5fHjx6bvFCGEmA69GjETtV6ZoldTrFdDc4vL7u3atYNgDBsuLAwm7OHDh/gI6hJK++GHH0RnICIiYsCAAX/q+wmw8gcOHEAd7urOnTuoTJs2rVevXugwoLfg7+9fUK8ANhH13Nzc8uXL379/X3w0fPhwfF1ISEiRZEYIIaZDr0bMRK1XpujVFOvVRo4cCUk0atSoT58+kkGXgC2rX7++s7PzkCFDZsyYIZS2e/fuSpUqBQQEQAk6nU7MuXXrVldXVzh7Ly+vDRs2YMqlS5e8vb2hpaCgIMjYqNKwHtgyrKpcuXJQr/RRVlZWyZIlv/vuuyLJjBBCTIdejZiJWq9M0aspzavl5f79++JMWEHkv94NAdy6dSv/xBs3bvzxxx/Pn03i0aNHYs3//ve/f/vtt7wfJSUldenSxcTtJ4QQM6BXI2ai1itT9GpK9moKpHXr1nFxcfbeCkKImqFXI2ai1itT9Gr0aqYDwaelpd27d8/eG0IIUTP0asQCqOnKFL0avRohhCgKejWiTsy+MkWvRq9GCCGKgl6NqBA5V6bo1ejVCCFEUdCrEfIM9Gr0aoQQoijo1Qh5Bno1ejVCCFEU9GqEPAO9Gr0aIYQoCno1Qp6BXo1ejRBCFAW9GiHPQK9Gr0YIIYqCXo2QZ6BXo1cjhBBFQa9GyDPQq9GrEUKIoqBXI+QZ6NXo1QghRFHQqxHyDLARLDYo9m5nQggpNtCrEUIIIYQoF3o1QgghhBDlQq9GCCGEEKJc6NUIIYQQQpQLvRohhBBCiHKhVyOEEEIIUS70aoQQQgghyoVejRBCCCFEudCrEUIIIYQoF3o1QgghhBDlQq9GCCGEEKJc/j8Pv95wUXP+YwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==){width="550"
height="362"}

This model is a combination of the web application model and the web
service model.

A *web service application* is both a web application and a web service.
A *web service application operator* is an enterprise or person that
manages it and makes it available for use; it is both a web application
operator and a web service operator. The *web service application
platform* is its supporting platform, and is both a web application
platform and a web service platform. The *web service application
infrastructure* is its underlying infrastructure, and is both a web
application infrastructure and web service infrastructure.

The web application user, browser content, browser platform, and browser
infrastructure are as in the web application model.

The web service consumer, web service consumer program, web service
consumer platform, and web service consumer infrastructure are as in the
web service model.

Cloud Computing
===============

The essential concept of cloud computing is that IT resources are made
available, within an environment that enables them to be used, via a
communications network, as a service.

The authoritative definition by the US National Institute of Standards
and Technology (NIST SP 800-145) says that: “Cloud computing is a model
for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand network access to a
shared pool of configurable computing resources (e.g., networks,
servers, storage, applications, and services) that can be rapidly
provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service
provider interaction.”

This cloud model is composed of five essential characteristics, three
service models, and four deployment models. The five essential
characteristics are on-demand self-service, broad network access,
resource pooling, rapid elasticity, and measured service. The three
service models are Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service
(PaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS). The four deployment
models are private cloud, community cloud, public cloud, and hybrid
cloud.

The Open Group Cloud Ecosystem Reference Model defines the major actors
in cloud computing and their relationships and a minimum set of
architecture building blocks. It incorporates the essential NIST
definitions, and adds a fourth service model: Business Process as a
Service (BPaaS). The [figure below (Figure 6)](#fig_cloud) shows the
business roles and cloud services of the Cloud Ecosystem Reference Model
without the architecture building blocks, to present cloud computing in
a comparable way to other technologies in this Standard.

<span id="fig_cloud" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339716531"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 6: Cloud Business Roles and
Services![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="434"
height="350"}

The cloud service may be BPaaS, SaaS, PaaS, or IaaS. If it is SaaS,
PaaS, or IaaS, its use follows a model that is a combination of the
basic application and cloud computing models. These three models are
described in the following sections. If it is BPaaS, it is realized by a
business process that may use applications, and the basic application
model or one of the same three combination models applies to each such
use.

Cloud Software as a Service Model
---------------------------------

In the SaaS service model, the cloud service is realized as a
combination of application, platform, and infrastructure, as illustrated
in the [next figure (Figure 7)](#fig_saas).

<span id="fig_saas" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339716898"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 7: The Cloud Software as a Service
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="496"
height="296"}

The SaaS provider and SaaS consumer are the cloud service provider and
cloud service consumer of the SaaS cloud service.

The SaaS provider, SaaS user, SaaS application, SaaS platform, and SaaS
infrastructure form a copy of the Application Model, with the SaaS
provider as the operator of the SaaS application.

The SaaS consumer has a business relation with (often is the employer
of) the SaaS users.

Cloud Platform as a Service Model
---------------------------------

In the PaaS service model, the cloud service is realized as a
combination of platform and infrastructure, as illustrated in the [next
figure (Figure 8)](#fig_paas).

<span id="fig_paas" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339717296"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 8: The Cloud Platform as a Service
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="450"
height="306"}

The PaaS provider and PaaS consumer are the cloud service provider and
cloud service consumer of the PaaS cloud service.

The PaaS consumer, PaaS application user, PaaS application, PaaS
platform, and PaaS infrastructure form a copy of the Application Model,
with the PaaS consumer as the operator of the PaaS application.

The PaaS consumer uses the PaaS service to support the PaaS application,
and has a business relation with the PaaS application users.

Cloud Infrastructure as a Service Model
---------------------------------------

In the IaaS service model, the cloud service is realized as
infrastructure, as illustrated in the [next figure (Figure
9)](#fig_iaas).

<span id="fig_iaas" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339717902"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 9: The Cloud Infrastructure as a
Service
Model![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAArwAAAGxCAIAAAAPrvJXAABjL0lEQVR4nOydCVgUV/b2I4gLGkAQRREXiIhIgrjGGHEcd+IS4x6TGI2RUSdm07/oOAhoXFFwIYooRkX2sMgiIm5xA5cAGuJGDI4RFEEFo+z0d0JN6mO6wVBUQ23v7zlPP7dvV1XXOfeee9+qrq56RQUAAAAAUAdeEXoHAAAAACANIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAnIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAnIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAnIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAnIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAnIBoAAAAAUCcgGgAAAABQJyAaAAAAAFAntC8asrKy9PX1X3nllSZNmrwCAFASTNbTCEDjgNbHFgCA4GhNNLBaAeMFAAoHowEAckU7ouH06dMmJib0qpWtAQDkAUYGAGSGFkQDxgUAQG1gfABATvAVDRgRAAAvB6MEALKBl2hgfrnEb5YAgJeDsQIAecD3TEOTJk20sh8AAHmDsQIAGYAzDQCABgdjBQDygJdowCgAAKgjjG4Qei8AALzgJRpwvhEAUHcwYgAgdSAaAACNBEYMAKQOL9Hwyit4dAUAoK6ojRhZWVnjxo1r06ZNu3btdu7cydSMHj3ayMjIxsYmJCSEWczb23vJkiXbtm3r3LnziBEj2J9EXVxcunbtampqGhERwdQMGjTo8uXLTHn48OHMnzyZ1Tdt2tSxY8chQ4Y8efJk6dKl9I1TpkwpLi5mFg4KCrK0tGzfvv2WLVuYmnv37k2aNMnY2LhLly7Pnz9v2LgAIB0gGgAAjUT1EaOiosLe3n7o0KHXrl3Lz8+nSbqysrJ3797z5s3Lzc0NDQ3V19e/cuUKLbly5Uqazj/66KP09PRhw4a5ublRJX1EiuHZs2e07qNHj5htkoA4c+YMUyYREB8fz6xOEuGrr766ffu2nZ2dtbX16tWrb9y4QRqCWYC2QOKANp6RkUEKprCwUFWlSBYtWlReXp6ZmUmvjRsnAMQLRAMAoJGoPmJcvnyZ3p44cYKtIR1ANb/++ivzlvTE4sWLVVWz/qBBg0hkUJnm+4kTJ1IhNTWVVEVUVFT17dcmGkaNGsVUzp07l8QHUx47dqynpycVAgICRo4ceauKgQMHMmutWLGib9++pBgaIAwASBiIBgBAI1F9xIiMjNTR0SkqKqpeY2hoyL79/PPP3333XVXVrD9r1iymcsOGDYxoIHx8fEg30Hx/7949pqY20cCu/sknn3z99ddM2cnJiRENc+bMMTMz6/8ne/fupcqCgoIZM2Y0bdrU1dW1rKxM66EAQKJANAAAGonqI8bFixfpbXJyMltz/vx5qsnNzWXejh071tnZWVW7aCAePnxIomH69OnMWxINp06dokJpaWn79u3rKBqWLl3q6OhY4w6fPXuWthkeHs7fdwDkAUQDAKCRqD5i0OF7jx49pkyZ8ujRIypnZ2cXFxdbWFhs3ry5srLy+vXrhoaGcXFxqlpEw927d5lLGby9vVkZMXDgwK1btxYWFs6ePbtZs2Z1FA1XrlzR1dU9evQolemrCwoKqHD16tWSkhIqDB48OCAgoBGCA4AkgGgAADQSaiNGWlqatbV1q1at2rZt6+Hhoao6su/cuXPXrl1btmz573//m1msRtEQEhJiZGRkZ2dnb2+fkpLCfHrw4EEDAwPamq+vb91/niD8/f1Jo9Aq5ubmzP84PvzwQxMTE1tbW1qstLS0IaMCgJSAaAAANBI1jhgPHjxQm5VzcnLqchlBZWUl+1sGy/Pnz5kzBFyhrWVnZzOXWzIUFRUxZx0AACwQDQCARgIjBgBSB6IBANBIYMQAQOpANAAAGgmMGABIHYgGAEAjgREDAKkD0QAAaCQwYgAgdSAaAACNBEYMAKQORAMAoJHAiAGA1IFoAAA0EhgxAJA6EA0AgEYCIwYAUgeiAQDQSGDEAEDqQDQAABoJjBgASB2IBgBAI4ERAwCpA9EAAGgkMGIAIHUgGgAAjQRGDACkDkQDAKCRwIgBgNSBaAAANBIYMQCQOgKLhpgY18OHYQ1rFGSezQREiBRzZ+bMoYLvA3JHukixz0vO/rLPCywaaBdVqjhYg1pVkIHcQO4gd5QG+rwY+jxEg/wNA58sQe4gd5QG+rwY+jxEg/wNA58sQe4gd5QG+rwY+jxEg/wNA58sQe4gd5QG+rwY+jxEg/wNA58sQe4gd5QG+rwY+jxEg/wNA58sQe4gd5QG+rwY+rxyRUNubuBvv+2vrIxt/K8+e3bT7t2fiacTACkimwFUwExE7kgL9Hkx9Hk5iAYLi7bBwcvqvvyTJyEjR/bu1++13r0tjYxaqX2akrKF/Orc2fTVV1va2XU5enQ1n33r0cM8OvrfapXbtjmPGNG7HlsrKzu8ZMl7trYWr9REq1bN27UzHDu2b2FhGKdOAKSICAdQ7Waidg25IwPQ58XQ55UoGtzdZ82a9TemXFAQpvYpIxpIAxYVRS5ePOH117vw2bf8/OCSkii1yvqJBupttGPUzGlp28vLD7P11ORUT06RdCWjQrdu7av3Awx8skQGA+jLM1GLhtyRB+jzYujzshINCQkeo0Y5mJoakJTLyNjJNlKfPlZmZm3mzRvFnA5auXKGg4NlbQ3GigYqh4Qs09XVKS6O8vaeT5LNxWVqmzatqb60NJreduxo3KFDGxIWtEBeXhAJusePg5mNHDz49VdfvUuFMWP6Hj++llnF2XmsicmrpDHnzx/DiobMzD1vv21raKj/3ntvPXsWTjU3b+62s+tCvnTv3jEsbDm7YxMnvrl06WTNHSap+M9/jlPrl1RZ904ApIiYB1CtZKIWDbkjD9DnxdDnZSUafvhhw5kzG4uKImfOHMrM2WSHDi395Zc9ubmBbdsaXLiwmWru3t1nZWVmbd3x/HlPza2xooGm8OHD7QcP7sm0NM33y5ZNuX59F71dvfqD11/vcuXK1qtXfUgELF8+lSqHDOnl57eY2QjpgKiolapqP0/QR9RXaPWsLH/6lBUNo0f32bx5Xn5+MBW+++5LqqFt6ug0mTBh4MWLXtX7FgmUX3/119xh0pIkGKvX0FuqrHsnAFJEzAOoVjJRi4bckQfo82Lo87ISDaz5+CwYOtRObbFhw96geqZMk7STUz89PV1f33+qLcaIhr///Y3mzZu+8UZXOu5XVYkGEhDsMpaWZhs2zGG/i5qHKTDL3Lmzl7pIaWm0qppomDZtiKfnJ8wq7M8ThYVhrVu3SE/fcevWbje39z/+eISqSjTo6upQP2u0TgCkiJgHUK1kohYNuSMP0OfF0OdlJRoyMnb+4x9j33mnP032bLOFhCybPn3IuHH9aSLfsWNB9RU3bZpLLtABffVKRjTExKy6ds2noiKGqSTRwP4QRUbtnZi4himfO7eJlieJ8PDhoWbNmubkHPTw+GDRoneYT1nRYGLyKrsKKxri491JmvTv350xkqiqKtFA29F0c+LEN99/f6hm/dixfd3dZ1Wv+ec/x+EUq+wR8wCqlUzUoiF35AH6vBj6vKxEQ/fuHTdvnkcFUnBMs/3447YWLfRu3/ajMs3Tas1G1qtX5/XrP65eU/2aBtbURIO5uQkrG/39vzA2bs2UR41y2Lp1Pu0GbYSpYUWDra0FLclUsqKBeoyurs79+weqf1dtoqGoKJJ2jPxSu7CFdCLVU8OzF7bQW1zMJXvEPIBqJRO1aMgdeYA+L4Y+Lx/RQHF59dWWx46tefIkZPbs4Q4OlvRRXJxbhw5tKHw//fQtNeq6dbOp8sSJtQ8fHlJV/VlWX795ePiK6luri2hYuPCdkSN7FxSEkTk59aOvY+pJFrRvb2Rj04ldkhUNixdPGD26T35+cHr6DlqAEQ1lZYd79rSgj168iFBVXe+qql00kD1//j3zF5qmTXVe8hcatbNPGPhkiWgHUG1lonYNuSMD0OfF0OflIxqo4OHxQevWLegtHe5TE27YMKe0NHrQIBsjo1b9+r32r39Nb9vW4MqVrZMnv0XH9717W1pZmS1dOllNH9RFNNDcT7E2Nm5NRtM/0wnInj4Nbd686TfffMQuyYqGjIydtGOkBqg/ubrOZC+EpP5kb9+N9pB6FekP1UtFQ/0MA58sEe0Aqq1MFIMhd0QF+rwY+rwcREN1o0N/OnxXVV1jyN4ggeZ4ppCXF8QU6NMbN3x5NhhJBE7/nKGv07y8kbFHjwKZkw2CdAIgRUQ4gFa3xszEhjPkjqhAnxdDn5ebaIDVoxMAKYLcQe4oDfR5MfR5iAb5GwY+WYLcQe4oDfR5MfR5iAb5GwY+WYLcQe4oDfR5MfR5iAb5GwY+WYLcQe4oDfR5MfR5iAb5GwY+WdIIuVNefjgzc09Wlj97lzOlGXJHVIh2vkhI8AgMXCr4bjROn4dokL9h4JMlDZo7v//+/Zdfvtu+vdGwYW8MHWpnZtbm668nCd6TkTsKp+H6/IwZjiYmr2o+kbiOxv4nn+cf5tX+2y/OPg/RIH/DwCdLGjR35s4d+dZbPdk/iVVUxOTkHBS8JyN3FE4D9fnHj4MNDfWNjFp9/309b7XETvbl5Ydr+199bTZkSK9Dh5YyZRLrjfAATJ59HqJB/oaBT5Y0XO785z/fNWnyytmzmzQ/ysryHz26Dw2vNjadQkL++5we5mHuV65sHTDA2srKjB15aQ+phhb+5JNRTM2gQTaXL3sz5eHD7U+fXs+ufuHCZgcHy65d2yUmromNXWVt3ZHesnfmDwr6P0tLs/btjbZsmcfUqD2tHrmjBBqoz/v4LJg2bciCBU7jxw9gK8eM6RsevsLJqR914ClTBj97Fs721ePH19Ir9UYvr0+ZhVnRwCzAJsu4cf2pf7ZrZ7hz5yJVTY/PdnWd2bx50w4d2lCHLys7zPTql+Qas8C2bc6dO5uOGNGblmn8Pg/RIH/DwCdLGi53aNom0aB5qrayMrZ3b8t580bRsVRoqIu+fnMSCqo/H+bu6Gh38uS69es/trW1YBZ+7bUOJ06spe2wT9uj4fLMmY1MmURAfLw7uzqNzunpO7766t2OHY3ffffNn3769oMPhjHPfc3PDzY2bk2f0jhLQzBzn3y1p9Ujd5RAA/X5vn1fo66YnLy5aVOdBw8CmMoePcx79eocGbmS0oG0LPNESqavzpjheOmSNykGKjNn4zR/nqioiLG37zZ0qN21az7Uge/d++NWzZqPz6bO/MYbXb/9diHzvex2ass1WoDEykcf/Z3SYdiwN9zc3m/8Pg/RIH+jDqp543EgdZhnojaEHTq0tHXrFpr1NGzR97IKgAbExYsnqP4cSe/c2UvlGzd8X6l66Kuq6hE+X3wx8fnz79kt1CYadHV1mBvnHTniTlKAWcXf/4sBA6ypEBCwhI7Mbt3aTTZwYA9mLbWn1SN3lEBD9HmafUmnMo90omN6T89PmHoSDezxPWnTqVPfZvqqnp4u072ZPkwzuqom0XD5sjftMInmGr+0+uOzSbKwP0+w26kt12iBQYNsmAuTV6/+YOLEN7UeEIgGGI6W5EnD5Q4dD1FqP30aqlZPR12Ghvrs288/n/Duu3+MWdUv/iLpQOsyZylo4KOR19zcJCHBg/m0NtHArn706GoLi7ZM+bvvvmREw5w5I8zM2rBPkN+793NVY10yhtwRFQ3R56kb9+xpQcf9ZA4OluyPC+xjg8j27fuiV6/OKo3rHMeO7csc62uKBkoWUtJFRZHVv6vGx2fXKBpqy7Xq3X7DhjkQDbAGMQx8sqThcicvL6hFCz0/v8Vq9efPe1LKs9d50Yjp7DxWVbtoUFU9x3X9+o9btWrOPFqFRMOpU39cx0DHau3bG9VRNCxdOtnR0U5tZyAaFIjW+zx11LZtDTw8PvDy+pRs48Y5NNNfuvTHZTfVRYOLy9T588eoNESDlZXZsWNrVDWJhosXvSgRkpM3V/86zcdnq6pEQ0DAErVeXVuuQTRANDSGYeCTJQ2aO19/PaldO8Nz5/57LWR29sEjR9yLi6NoRqdRr7Iy9vr1XXQkFBfnpqpFNJBdu+ZDNffvHyDRwDz2feDAHlu3zi8sDJs9ezitUkfRcOXKVl1dHfpIVfVbL3N5OUSDAtF6nw8PX9Gnj1X1muHD7RctekdVJRooC6i/kYamZcLClqv+/CWOuUaYBEHLls2YcwmaooHkMm1hypTBjx4FUpkyqMbHZ5O9995bK1ZMY8rsdmrLNYgGiIbGMAx8sqRBc4em/GXLpjRv3rRbt/Y2Np1ogGMuBKPhsnNn065d29Fw+e9/z2AWrlE00MjYqZOJpaUZHV2xvxMfPPi1gUFLOrajrdX95wlV1fUNNG7SKubmJsyF6BANCkTrfd7Jqd+2bc7Va/bv/8rYuDXN2TTlT578FnV+I6NWNDczp8qorzZtqjNz5lA7uy4tWuj5+Cxg1qrxPg1padutrTuSYmZOZqhqeny2quo6HhLoffu+ptara8w1iAaIhsYwDHyypBFyh46Qbtzwffw4WK0+J+cg8wjgvzQ6SmMuMWPt+fPv63cLHTrkosO1Rr43JXJHVDTmfMH8PEF9lX22taqaJqCkIGFRl+08eBDAXjipquXx2bQAe08UNat7rjVan4dokL+JYeDbuHFjRkaG0HvBl4SEhMDAQKH34r8gd8SWO+jkDU3jiwa1Sp43fJSEQTTARCEaevToER0dLdTq2mLlypWzZs2qy5JXr15t1qxZg+4MckdsuYNO3tA0Zp9PSvpG8y6oBQVhmkpCZgbRAJODaMjPzy8pKdHi/tSPl4+n3t7e7733HlMuLy/Pzc1t0J1B7ogtd9DJGxr0eTH0eYgG+ZtIRMN3333n5ORkZGQ0ZcqUZ8+eUaW7u/vq1auZBTw9PZcvX86UDx8+PGDAAFryk08+YWrGjBlz/PhxVdWYtWTJkm3btnXu3HnEiBFZWVnMApmZmW+//bahoSGNaMzGCRcXl65du5qamkZERNRWw3Lz5k07O7uEhITu3buHhYXR8L1gwQITExNbW9vLly8zy7Dj6YMHD95///1u3br17Nlz//79VHPhwoW2bdu2bt3a2to6JiaG2RqzVmlpKe1zx44dO3TosHjx4uLiYvbrrly5Qp5aWVl9//33XEOK3BFb7qCTa72Tq4E+L4Y+D9EgfxOJaOjVq1dkZGRiYiKNaL6+vlS5cOHCzz77jFlg2bJlc+bMoUJlZeVrr7124sQJGtF+/fVXdnXmGI5GtPbt23/00Ufp6enDhg1zc3NjFhg9evTmzZvpWI0KNHBTDQ1V9EU0tlLlo0ePaqypztWrV3V0dCZMmHDx4sWCgoI9e/bQpvLy8ry8vN555x1mmerjaUhICC0WHBxsYWFBNbS39CmN+/RRUVFR9TO3NGe8/vrr9O1U2a9fP2baYL7O0dHx5MmT69evp1Gba0iRO2LLHXRyrXdyNdDnxdDnIRrkbyIRDTQAMWUaOqdOnaqqZTwl6DDoiy++eP78efXV2fF00KBBFRUVqqpxauLEiVQoLCykox8aYW/dukUj7Mcff0yVqamp+vr6UVFR7EY0a6pDA5yuri57upUG1i1bttAGU1JSDAwMysvLVTWduaVxueoeLH+sRcMisz+q//2519LScsOGDUzZx8eHDsVUf46nd+7cofKNGzde+ePWy6WcQorcEVvuoJMzZS12cjVE1edbt27B3uqUzMHBMjFxjeB71Qh9HqJB/iYS0cD+3Ltv3z46IFPVPp7S8UqPqvsPJyQkqK1efUSjQYoZv+Lj45s3b97/T2bOnMksQIMXDaAjR468d+9ebTUsald10QBNB0bsNplTxOy3FxcXr1q1avz48XTURVnw8OFDVe3jqZ6eHh16MuVz584xQ2f1BWhUrbq3Abffs5E7YssddHKmrMVOroao+jxEQ32AaJCEiU00uLi4zJ8/X1U1ni5atIipdHZ2ZsdToqysjIanVq1avXjxQvVX4+nFixfp+On+/fua30sjHY2e06dPf0kNg9p42rVr1+3bt6stw377ihUrBg8eTEdmjx8//svxlCYGGseZsr+/v7GxsdoCEA2itXqLBnRylTY6uRqi6vO1iQbNJ8KXlEQtWOBkYvKqra0F+2j4MWP6hoQsGz7cvuGePNdAfR6iQf4mEtHw9ddfV1ZW5uXl9enTJywsTFV1XZijoyMNnQEBAXRsxIynNKxcu3aNCjQ+0nj65MkT1V+Np7SFnj17Ll68mBl8mVXu3r3L/Kbr7e3NLKZZUx218ZRGzNdff51WofLz58+ZwY799tmzZ9OUUFFRERgYSFmQmZlJlcHBwdbW1uSj2tZo2qARvKAKJycnWlcF0SAR4yoa0Mm128nVEFWfr1E01PhE+D17Fo8e3ScvL8jL69N33unPVPboYW5pafb99yvYh3GLxCAaYGIRDTSO2NjYGBkZ0VjGDHw0WnXv3p0GzalTp3755ZfMeEqjYadOnSwtLekjGnDZ1V8ynhI//fSTvb09bZzWojGLakJCQuitnZ0d1aekpNRYUx218ZTGUNphqunVqxftj9qZ2/Pnz5uZmbVt25aOHUeMGDFgwABV1a/OtGXa8+PHj1ffWn5+/tixY42roIWZIzaIBkkYV9GATq7dTq6GqPp8bWcaNJ8IP2HCwC1b5t26tTslZYuBQUvmHqkkGnbtWiS4F/Xo8xAN8jcxiIanT5+Wl5fTkEGDi+ZHmsvTsRpzWRYn6BiLGakZ6HhI7X/kmjUvh7ZW2/K0e3RQxRSYwz4GGi6ZS9jUIDeZ5bUFckdsuYNOrvVOroao+ryhoX5MzCr2rb19t6Skb1Q1PRGe5IWtrQX7bPesrD/OQNR4x0kxGEQDTBSiAWgd5A5yR2mIqs/b2HRyc3uffWth0ZZ5rKtK44nwXbu22779H2qrQzTUE1F1ArkaBj5ZgtxB7igNUfX5Tz8d3b9/94cPD1E5IcHDxORVkgg1PhF+xYppr7/e5e7dfapqD2yDaKgnouoEcjUMfLIEuYPcURqi6vO//bafREOzZk1p+m/dukVg4FKqrPGJ8CQUZs8eTkv26tWZPsXPE7wQVSeQq2HgkyXIHeSO0hBhnyfpkJGxs6gosnql5hPhyV68iMjNDRR8h/n3eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYgG+RsGPlmC3EHuKA30eTH0eYFFQ0yMK+2itGzmzKGC7wMnoyDzbCYgQpA7yB2lIbk+f+jQUj09XXoVfE+02OcFFg1SRJleA8Af5A5QFGvXrqU+T69C74g2gWjgjDK9BoA/yB2gHMrLy83NzanPd+rUqaysTOjd0RoQDZxRptcA8Ae5A5RDWFjYkCFDqM87OjqGhoYKvTtaA6KBM8r0GgD+IHeAciDFQLqB+jyjHoTeHa0B0cAZZXoNAH+QO0AhpKWlmZubl5eXU59nfqegGqF3SjtANHBGmV4DwB/kDlAIc+fOZa5/ZPr8unXr5syZI/ROaQeIBs4o02sA+IPcAQqBVMKLFy9Uf/Z5KlON0DulHSAaOKNMrwHgD3IHKA359XmIBs4o02sA+IPcAUpDfn0eooEzyvQaAP4gd4DSkF+fh2jgjDK9BoA/yB2gNOTX5yEaOKNMrwHgD3IHKA359XmIBs4o02sA+IPcAUpDfn0eooEzyvQaAP4gd4DSkF+fh2jgjDK9BoA/yB2gNOTX5yEaONP4Xp89e3b37t2N/KUAaB15jBiFhYVLlixhbt1TnY0bN2ZkZAiyS0C0yKPPVweigTMN6nWPHj2io6PVKrdt2zZixIiG+1IAGge13Kmxt4ufnJwccuTJkydq9RJ1BzQo8pslIRo406Be5+fnl5SUqFVCNAB5oJY7NfZ2QfD29n7vvffquDBEA6g78pslIRo4o+b1mDFjwsPDnZycjIyMpkyZ8uzZM1XVGLRkyRIXF5c2bdrQ29LSUnrbsWPHDh06LF68uLi4OC8vz9bW9vHjx8xGDh48+NVXXzFbO378OLOKs7OziYlJv3795s+fz4qGzMzMt99+29DQkMY45rsI+qKuXbuamppGREQ0VhgA4Ixm7jC9/d69e5MmTTI2Nu7Spcvz58/V1tJMH6q8efOmnZ0drU6v7du39/LyYhbWTBBmyYSEhO7du4eFhT148OD999/v1q1bz5499+/fTwtcuHChbdu2rVu3tra2jomJqXEjxKFDhyjLOnfu7OHhUZto+O6776oPBQEBAePHj2cXmDdvXmRkpPbCCSSA/GZJiAbOaJ5i7dWrF40FiYmJNKb4+vpS5cqVK2m+X7Zs2fXr1+nt6tWrX3/99StXrly9epVEwPLly1VVT1v38/NjNkIjVFRUlKrawQp95ODgQKtnZWXRp6xoGD169ObNm+kQjQo0QlENbZa+l0Yoqnz06FHjBQIAjtT28wSp3kWLFpWXl9NsTa9qa9WYPlTW0dGZMWPGpUuXSDFQmYS4qqYEYZacMGHCxYsXCwoKSDSEhIRQITg42MLCghYoKSmhhCUFQx8VFRXVuBHS9/r6+nR4QJqGFq5NNKgNBdnZ2bq6uqRa6NPc3FwDA4OnT582TGiBSJHfLAnRwBnNgY/GIKZMKmHq1KmqKtEwfPhwdhlLS8sNGzYwZR8fHzpgYgrMMnfu3KEDHTqcUlUbRqdNm+bp6cmswv48UVhYSMdD6enpt27dcnNz+/jjj6kyNTWVhjNGcwAgZmoTDStWrOjbty8phhrXqjF9SAro6ekxWcMsExoaWmOC0JI0c9OcrbZZUti0P0z9+vXrJ06cyNTXuJGwsLABAwYwC7zk5wnNoWDkyJGrVq2iAimbWbNmcQwYkDzymyUhGjjzkou59u3bR4caqirRUH2AoNGNDj6Y8rlz52gLNNg9fPiwWbNmNAB5eHjQYZba1kxMTNhVWNEQHx/fvHnz/n8yc+ZMZgEaSUk30PB07969hnMcAJ7Uljt03D9jxoymTZu6urqWlZWprVVj+pAUoPRhlxk7dixN8DUmiNqSxcXFNIuPHz9+zJgxtClKQ9X/ioYaN7JgwYJPP/2UWaAu1zSwQ8H+/futra2pYG9vn5SUVP/YAWkiv1kSooEzLxENLi4u8+fPV2mIBnNzc5rXmbK/v7+xsTFTHjVq1NatW7t3756SkqK2NVtbW1qSqWRFw8WLF+mY6f79+5p7RWMfiYbp06drz1EAtMzL/z1x9uxZU1PT8PBwtbVqTB81KWBlZXXs2LEaE0RtyRUrVgwePLi8vPzx48c1ioYaN0KKhHQJU66LaGCHgsLCQhL0fn5+Xbp0qays/OsYAXkhv1kSooEzmgPf119/TcNBXl5enz59wsLCVBqiYeHChTSjF1Th5OQ0e/Zspp5GwPbt29vY2FTfGjPuLF68ePTo0fn5+enp6bQAIxroIKxnz570EfMfcWbYunv3LnMpg7e3NzvwASBCahMNNK8zf6Og6TwgIEBtrRrTh7lSgXQGlZOTk1u2bFlUVFRjgqiJBlqdpvOKiorAwEDaH+Y3keDgYGtra2ZSr3Ej9EVt2rT58ccfnz59+tFHH9UmGjSHAmLmzJmkG1xdXbUVRiAh5DdLQjRwRnPgmzx5Ms3rRkZGNGczA42aaKC5nw5TjKug6Z85uCFoAGrevPk333xTfWvMMJqRkWFhYUGDnYODAw037IWQP/30k729PX1X9+7daQClmpCQEHprZ2dH9ewZCwBESG2i4cMPPzQxMbG1taUuzV6mwFJj+pAUaNq0Kc3H1PNbtGjBnorQTBA10XD+/HkzM7O2bds6OzvT1pgrFQoLC2ktS0tL5t8cmhshJTFu3LgmTZq0a9du3759tYkGUiRqQwERFxdHK965c0drcQTSQX6zJEQDZ2oc+Og4iYa2l69IEoEOler+RXTIonn1FsOjR4+q35DuJUsCIB5eMmIUFRW9PDvU0oeVAo8fP2b+hFkdtQRRo7y8nNkUFarP/SRHKioqXrKRvLw8zT93VN9D+lRzKAgNDR02bNhLXAMyRn6zJEQDZ+RxVzsAGh8tjhhq5w/EzJtvvnngwAGh9wIIg/xmSYgGzqh5nZSUlJOTI9TOACAhtDhiFBQUSEKsl5aWRkZGvuS0B5A38pslIRo4o0yvAeAPcgcoDfn1eYgGzijTawD4g9wBSkN+fR6igTPK9BoA/iB3gNKQX5+HaOCMMr0GgD/IHaA05NfnIRo4o0yvAeAPcgcoDfn1eYgGzijTawD4g9wBSkN+fR6igTPK9BoA/iB3gNKQX5+HaOCMMr0GgD/IHaA05NfnIRo4o0yvAeAPcgcoDfn1eYgGzijTawD4g9wBSkN+fR6igTPK9BoA/iB3gNKQX5+HaOCMMr0GgD/IHaA05NfnIRo4o0yvAeAPcgcoDfn1eYgGzijTayAniisr0x4/jsjM3JOWtuXcuW+SklYnJKyKjXU9fLhBbejMmQ26fXKBHCF3yClyjRwkN8lZoeMNlIv85guIBs4o02sgAwrLy5Pu39+ekuIeH7/+9OmdP/+87+7d4Ly8yKKi6NLSmMrKOJVK0kYukCPkDjlFrpGD5CY5Sy6T4+S+0C0AFIf85guIBs4o02sgafLLygKuX/dISNicnHzg/n2aWQWf4BvNyFlymRwn9ykIFAqhWwMoCPnNFxANnFGm10CiPK+oCM/MXH306I60tMjiYsGncAGN3KcgUCgoIBQWoVsGKAL5zRcQDZxRptdAclSqVLFZWWuOHfO+dCn82TPB52yRGIWCAkJhoeDgYgfQ0MhvvoBo4IwyvQbS4kVFxe60tI1nzoQ8eSL4PC1Co7BQcChEL3DKATQk8psvIBo4o0yvgYTILi7edOaM9+XLMri2seGMgkMh8jxzhsIldIsB2SK/+QKigTPK9BpIhWtPn65JTPS7fVvwWbmOFpibu/+332IF0jcUKLfY2NsvXgjdbkCeyG++gGjgjDK9BpKAJj/Xw4cDcnIEmYDbWlgsCw6u+/IhT570HjnytX79LHv3bmVkJMg+kx3IzqagXX3yROjWAzJEfvMFRANnlOk1ED/3i4rWJCbuvXNHqNmXq2iY5e7+t1mzmHJYQYFQu01GMotCRwEUug2B3JDffAHRwBlleg1Ezu/l5RtPndr7yy8CTr2saPBISHAYNcrA1LT3yJE7MzJYiWDVp08bM7NR8+YxP0bMWLnS0sFBWLnA2p5fftl4+vTvuAEU0Crymy8gGjijTK+BmKlUqXZcvLg9PV3YeZcVDRt++GHjmTORRUVDZ85896uvmE+XHjpEE3Ngbq5B27abL1ygmn1375pZWXW0tvY8f15w0UC2PS3N59Il/JsCaBH5zRcQDZxRptdAzERmZm5OTo4VetLV/HligY+P3dChaou9MWwY1TPl4Pz8fk5Ounp6//T1FVw0UAApjJG3bwvdnkA+yG++gGjgjDK9BqKlsKxs9dGjYYWFgk+6rGjYmZEx9h//6P/OO13feIMVDctCQoZMn95/3DiDtm0X7NhRfcW5mzZRWnldvCi4C+HPnlEwC3GraaAl5DdfQDRwRpleA9ES+PPPO9LSBJ9uq4uGjt27z9u8mQr/9PVlRMO2H3/Ua9GC+SNo7xEj1EQDWedevT5ev15wF8i2p6dTSIVuVSAT5DdfQDRwRpleA3GSU1TkkZAQJY6HSjCi4XB5ectXX11z7FjIkyfDZ8+2dHCgj9zi4tp06BBZVPTtTz+RpJi9bh1Vrj1x4tDDh3FVt2porq+/IjxccBfiqh5R4XHkSA7+SQG0gfzmC4gGzijTayBO9qSm+t68KfhEW100UOEDD48WrVvT2/lbt5KAmLNhQ3Rpqc2gQa2MjF7r12/6v/5l0Lbt1itX3po8WUdX17J3bzMrq8lLlwp1fydNo5BSYIVuWyAH5DdfQDRwRpleAxHyuKTE/cgROrIXfJbVtLCCgsNlZX8UCgujSkqYyuD8fKYQlJf338UKC31v3BCPXGCMQkqBpfAK3cJA8jRp0kToXdAyEA2cUabXQITE3LmzPTVV8ClWlrYtNZXCK3QLA8kD0fC/Kyty+lSm10CEeP7wQ9Cfx+4w7VpwXp7nmTNCtzCQNllZWfr6+kLvhZaBaOCMMr0GYuNZWZl7fDyeY9lARoGl8D7Dfy9BfWEUA70KvSNaBqKBM8r0GoiNCzk5m5OTBZ9cZWwU3uQHD4RuZyBh5PfbhAqioR4o02sgNkJv3Nh965bgM6umeSQkLA0MFHw3+BuFN+T6daHbGUgVnGmoaWVFTp/K9BqIjV2XLx+4f78hJkvHGTNeNTFh//LA1WasXMk8u9Ln6tWmzZrVezfY7QhlFN6dly8L3c5Akpw+fdrExIRehd4R7QPRwBlleg3ExsZTp8Ib4NbRwY8f6xsatjIyWvH99zwn+8Pl5YG5uZzW7TVkyNJDh5jy97//LuwDMMMKCynIQrczkB4yVgwqiIZ6oEyvgdhYk5gY2QA3glzg4zNk2jSnBQsGjB/PVvYdM2ZFeHg/JycSE4OnTAl/9owqd9+82cXObu3x4/Rq1L79p15eaqKBWYCp9M/K6j9uXOs2bQzbtVu0c2dcTY/Pnunq2rR58zYdOnS0tj5cVjbf2/u9JUvY1fuMHk3f3snGZllICFPJLOC8bZtp5869R4ygZbQbCgovBVnodgYSQ96KQQXRUA+U6TUQG+7x8Q1xW6fX+valLW9OTtZp2jTgwQOm0rxHj869eq2MjKRJtF3XrswTKX2uXm2io+M4Y4b3pUukGKjM3LJJ8+eJmIqKbvb2dkOH+ly7Fpyfv//evbiaHp9NR/Zd33hj4bffMt/Lbie2stKyd+9R8+YF5ua6hIY219ffeuUKswCJlb9/9NGO9PQ3hg17381Nu6H44xZP8fFCtzOQBswVDDQ7yPI6hupANHBGmV4DseEaE6N1xUCzr3HHjowWoWP6Tzw9WdHAHt9PWbbs7alTGU2gq6cXXVrK1JtZWtKMXqNo8L58mbJm7YkTNX5p9cdnk2Rhf55gt0MSgVb3//VXpp4WnrB4MbOAzaBBpEio/MHq1W9OnKj1gJCgeQWAl9KkSZNXFKAVWCAaOKNMr4HYaIgzDRM+/9yiZ0867iezdHBgf1wg0fDv6Gim/MW+fZ179YrTuM6x79ixzLG+pmhYGRnZREcnsqio+nfV+PjsGkUDra5vaFh9J9989924/71Scs6GDVoXDTjTAIAmEA2cUabXQGxo/ZqGqJISg7ZtP/Dw+NTLi2zOxo0003tfuqQmGqa6uIyZP19TNJhZWa05dqxG0eB18SJljdpdJTQfn82IhiUBAWqiwfP8eVqdvaaS1MlYZ+dGEA24pgEATSAaOKNMr4HY0Pq/J1aEh1v16VO9xn748HcWLWJEw6Svv46trAzKy6NlloeFxf15TcOms2fjqu6D1KxlS+ZcgqZoOFxWRlsYPGVK4KNHVD6YnV3j47PJ3nrvvWkrVqiJhqji4rYWFqQwaAd2Xb+ub2joFhfXCKIB/54AQBOIBs4o02sgNrR+n4Z+Tk7O27ZVr/lq//7WxsY0Z9OU/9bkyZ1sbFoZGdHcHPHiBaMJdJo2HTpzZhc7O70WLRb4+KhN9tVPRWxPS+tobd28VSvmZEZcTY/Ppkr3I0cM27V7rW9fNU1A0sS0c+d2XbuSNJnx73+rfVEDiQbcpwEATSAaOKNMr4HYaMw7QjI/T0SVlARXez4WqwmCHz+OqtsPJQEPHrAXTsbV8vhsWoB9cLaaHczJYZZvHMMdIQHQBKKBM8r0GoiNxnz2RPVrGjRFg1xN5M+eOHv27O7du9Uqc3JyXFxcBNkfoBAgGjijTK+B2GjMp1x+k5RER/lqlWEFBZpKQjZWj6dc9ujRIzo6uuFaXI1t27aNGDFCrfLq1avNmjVrtH0ACgSigTPK9BqIEM8zZ4JrOZMP42kUWAovp+bIz88vKSlpoLbWBKIBCAJEA2eU6TUQITF37mxPTRV8fpWlbUtNpfByao4xY8YcP36cCvfu3Zs0aZKxsXGXLl2eP3+utpi7u/vq1auZsqen5/Lly5myi4tL165dTU1NIyIimJqgoCBLS8v27dtv2bKFqSktLXV2djYxMenXr9/8+fNrEw20G3Z2drSil5cXVQYEBIwfP55dZt68eZGRkZxcA4AFooEzyvQaiJDHJSXuR440xM2kFW5/3NbpyJHHHE8bsD9P0PS/aNGi8vLyzMxMelVbbOHChZ999hlTXrZs2Zw5c6hw5coVUgzPnj3Lz89/9OiRquq8BcmO9PT0jIyMNm3aFBYWUqWfn5+Dg8P169ezsrLefvvtGkWDjo7OjBkzLl26RIqBynl5ednZ2bq6ujdv3qQFcnNzDQwMnj59Wp8OBwBEQz1QptdAnOxJTfW9eVPwWVZmRiGlwHJtC1Y0rFixom/fvqQYalysRtGQmpqqr68fFRXFLhYQEDBy5MhbVQwcODC+6t6U06ZN8/T0ZBao7ecJPT290tJS5q2lpWVoaCgVaFOrVq2iAimJWbNmcXUNABaIBs4o02sgTnKKijwSEur4j0dYXYyCSSGlwHJtC1Y0FBQU0LF+06ZNXV1dyzQupaxRNBA+Pj6kG2h2v3fvHr2lejMzs/5/snfvXqo0MTFJ/PMmlXW5pmHs2LFubm5U2L9/v7W1NRXs7e2TkpK4ugYAC0QDZ5TpNRAtgT//vCMtTfC5VjZGwaSQ1qMh1P49cfbsWVNT0/DwcLXFSDQsWrSIKTs7O7OigXj48CGJhunTp1N56dKljo6Oauva2tr6+/sz5bqIBisrq2PHjlGhsLCQFImfn1+XLl0qKyvr4R0ADBANnFGm10C0FJaVrT56NEyrt5RWrFEYKZiFXP5pycKKBpq5mb9RDB48OCAgQG0xT09PUgNlZWX0EU3kjGi4e/cucymDt7f3xIkTVVVXOejq6h49epTKNM0XFBRQYfHixaNHj87Pz09PT7exsantmgbSK1ROTk5u2bJl0Z+nTGbOnElf5+rqWg/XAGCBaOCMMr0GYiYyM3NzcnKs0DOu1C226oZOkbVci/CXsKLhww8/NDExsbW1dXJyYi8vYCF90L1791atWk2dOvXLL79kRENISIiRkZGdnZ29vX1KSgqzpL+/v6GhoaWlpbm5+c6dO6kmIyPDwsKiWbNmDg4ONP3XKBpoO6QPaFMtWrTw8fFhP4qLi2vSpMkdjn8JAUANiAbOKNNrIGYqVaodFy9uT08XfN6VtG1PS6MwauXcPR3fM+cGakPz/wuVlZW5ubmaldnZ2RUVFS9fjKW8vJzZ8uPHj4uLi6t/FBoaOmzYsDruPwC1AdHAGWV6DUTO7+XlG0+d2vvLL4JPvRK1Pb/8svH06d81/iEpG958880DBw4IvRdA8kA0cEaZXgPxc7+oaE1iYoDG/Z5hf2l779yh0N3n/o8JqVBaWhoZGfnixQuhdwRIHogGzijTayAJrj554nr48IHsbMGnYQkZySwK2m1MqADUAYgGzijTayAVaPJbFRvbaE/Nlrr53b69JjHxGu6QCEDdgGjgjDK9BhIip7jY88wZ78uXG+cZmBI1Cs7Wy5cpUDn/e8EgAOAlQDRwRpleA2nxoqLCNzV145kzIU+eCD49i9AoLBSc3ampL6r9MQEA8JdANHBGmV4DyVGpUsVmZa05dszr0qXwZ88En6dFYhQKCgiFhYKDOyMCwBWIBs4o02sgUZ5XVHyfmbn66NHtaWmRyn5EBblPQaBQUECe4wQDAPUCooEzyvQaSJr8srKA69c9EhI2Jycf+O236NJSwafwRjNyllwmx8l9CkJ+vW4RDQBggGjgjDK9BjKgsLw86f797RcvusfHbzh9eufPP++7ezc4Ly+yqIhm1tiKCsEneJ4WU1lJjpA75BS5Rg6Sm+QsuUyOF8r3xk0ANBoQDZxRptdAThRXVqY/fhyZmbknLW3LuXPfJCWtTkhwi411PXy44WzpoUO6enr02nBfsSo2lhwhd8gpco0cJDeL8VBHALQHRANnlOk1ADxZu3Yt5Q69Cr0jAID6A9HAGWV6DQAfysvLzc3NKXc6depUhqsKAJAsEA2cUabXAPAhLCxsyJAhlDuOjo6hoaFC7w4AoJ5ANHBGmV4DwAdSDKQbKHcY9SD07gAA6glEA2eU6TUA9SYtLc3c3Ly8vJxyh/mdgmqE3ikAQH2AaOCMMr0GoN7MnTuXuf6RyZ1169bNmTNH6J0CANQHiAbOKNNrAOoNqYQXVQ+eZnKHylQj9E4BAOoDRANnlOk1APxB7gAgdSAaOKNMrwHgD3IHAKkD0cAZZXoNAH+QOwBIHYgGzijTawD4g9wBQOpANHBGmV4DwB/kDgBSB6KBM8r0GgD+IHcAkDoQDZxRptcA8Ae5A4DUgWjgjDK9BoA/yB0ApA5EA2eU6TUA/EHuACB1IBo4o0yvAeAPcgcAqQPRwBlleg0Af5A7AEgdiAbOKNNrAPiD3AFA6kA0cEaZXgPAH+QOAFIHooEzyvQaAP4gdwCQOhANnFGm1wDwB7kDgNSBaOCMMr0GgD/IHQCkDkQDZ5TpNQD8Qe4AIHUgGjijTK8B4A9yBwCpA9HAGWV6DQB/kDsASB2IBs4o02sA+CNs7pw9e3b37t1qlTk5OS4uLoLsDwBSBKKBM8r0GgD+qOVOjx49oqOjG+3bt23bNmLECLXKq1evNmvWrNH2AQCpA9HAGWV6DQB/1HInPz+/pKSk0b4dogEA/kA0cEaZXgPAH7XcGTNmzPHjx6lw7969SZMmGRsbd+nS5fnz52prubu7r169mil7enouX76cKbu4uHTt2tXU1DQiIoKpCQoKsrS0bN++/ZYtW5ia0tJSZ2dnExOTfv36zZ8/vzbRQLthZ2dHK3p5eVFlQEDA+PHj2WXmzZsXGRmplQgAIHUgGjijTK8B4E9tP0/Q9L9o0aLy8vLMzEx6VVtr4cKFn332GVNetmzZnDlzqHDlyhVSDM+ePcvPz3/06JGq6rwFyY709PSMjIw2bdoUFhZSpZ+fn4ODw/Xr17Oyst5+++0aRYOOjs6MGTMuXbpEioHKeXl52dnZurq6N2/epAVyc3MNDAyePn3aIBEBQGpANHBGmV4DwJ/aRMOKFSv69u1LiqHGtWoUDampqfr6+lFRUexiAQEBI0eOvFXFwIED4+PjqXLatGmenp7MArX9PKGnp1daWsq8tbS0DA0NpQJtatWqVVQgJTFr1iyejgMgGyAaOKNMrwHgT22ioaCggI71mzZt6urqWlZWprZWjaKB8PHxId1As/u9e/foLdWbmZn1/5O9e/dSpYmJSWJiIrN8Xa5pGDt2rJubGxX2799vbW1NBXt7+6SkJO34D4D0gWjgjDK9BoA/L//3xNmzZ01NTcPDw9XWItGwaNEipuzs7MyKBuLhw4ckGqZPn07lpUuXOjo6qq1ra2vr7+/PlOsiGqysrI4dO0aFwsJCUiR+fn5dunSprKzk7isA8gSigTPK9BoA/tQmGmjmZv5GMXjw4ICAALW1PD09SQ2UlZXRRzSRM6Lh7t27zKUM3t7eEydOVFVd5aCrq3v06FEq0zRfUFBAhcWLF48ePTo/Pz89Pd3Gxqa2axpIr1A5OTm5ZcuWRUVFzEczZ86kr3N1ddV+IACQLBANnFGm1wDwpzbR8OGHH5qYmNja2jo5ObGXF7CQPujevXurVq2mTp365ZdfMqIhJCTEyMjIzs7O3t4+JSWFWdLf39/Q0NDS0tLc3Hznzp1Uk5GRYWFh0axZMwcHB5r+axQNtB3SB7SpFi1a+Pj4sB/FxcU1adLkzp072g4DABIGooEzyvQaAP68JHfo+J45N1Abmv9fqKyszM3N1azMzs6uqKh4+WIs5eXlzJYfP35cXFxc/aPQ0NBhw4a9ZJcAUCAQDZxRptcA8EdaufPmm28eOHBA6L0AQFxANHBGmV4DwB8J5U5paWlkZOSLFy+E3hEAxAVEA2eU6TUA/EHuACB1IBo4o0yvAeAPcgcAqQPRwBlleg0Af5A7AEgdiAbOKNNrAPiD3AFA6kA0cEaZXgPAH+QOAFIHooEzyvQaAP4gdwCQOhANnFGm1wDwB7kDgNSBaOCMMr0GgD/IHQCkDkQDZ5TpNQD8Qe4AIHUgGjijTK8B4A9yBwCpA9HAGWV6DQB/kDsASB2IBs4o02sA+IPcAUDqQDRwRpleA8Af5A4AUgeigTPK9BoA/iB3AJA6EA2cUabXQE6UVZRc/y392JWosJP+e2O8d4Su3xq4ZvMBd8/9bg1qo979W4Nun1wgR8gdcopcIwfJTXJW6HgDIB8gGjijTK+BDHheUph8/cSBBB+vAI9dkZuCT/tGX9qfmBHyw6/R5+7GJN+PT8k5ImkjF8gRcoecItfIQXKTnCWXyXFyX+gWAEDyQDRwRpleA0lTUJQffT5wa+DqvXFesakB5/4TI/gE32hGzpLL5Di5T0GgUAjdGgBIGIgGzijTayBRispeJF6O2Bq0JiDp27N3Dws+hQto5D4FgUJBAaGwCN0yAEgSiAbOKNNrIDkqVZWn0uO2B6/dl7D1ZGak4HO2SIxCQQGhsFBwKERCtxIAEgOigTPK9BpIi+LyouATe3yjPJNuhgs+T4vQKCwUHAoRBUrotgJASkA0cEaZXgMJ8ajwwe7oLd8lbJPBtY0NZxQcCpFf1GYKl9AtBoBkgGjgjDK9BlLhVs5P24LXhp3f20BzbcK1oJgfDyZn10mObA1c4/Htsjpu+dx/Ytx3LHWaNuLrbxY0mnSgQG0+6H4vP1PodgNAGkA0cEaZXgNJQJOf5363+PRDdZkv23Vsu2aXS93n16QbYQMcHWzsu3fvZdnaoJXap/7x3pQa7c1N9Vu1tOzRZWvQGqqc88WM0e8Nq+P21+9ZSRvfF+/tG7Wp0UQDWVzaIQrarexrQrceABIAooEzyvQaiJ/cguztwWsjkvfVcbLkKho+XfIBqwCO31K/VIIRDcnZ8T/8Gj3tkwlWNl3/UjREXfxOr5ke+//PSR+OnbVgcmPKhf+vG9IDKXQUQKHbEACxA9HAGWV6DUROUenzXRGbIi7UVTFUFw1bA9cMHNrHyMRwgKND0KldrETo8bqVsWmbCe+PZn6MIAVgbWelKRfURAOVv/FdrqOjcyYrurpo0NwgbY1WsbA0n/LxuMWu81q11jcwak1v6dCflAQJiLbtjU3atSEJQpui5cPO+v1xDiNwjUW3jmt3r2De7ondQtvp0KndtuBvNh90p9Xp7b54b666IeKCv2+kJ4VR6JYEQNRANHBGmV4DMVOpqjyQ8G1Akg+naZIVDbsiN/lGbfrh1+hR7w6d6TyJ+dTD5/8ikv0TrgUZGhvQxEw10Zf2m3fpQLPynpgtLxENJzMj+r3d+43+tmpnGjQ3+N2RrbTK4SsHjt8Mp7WGjx8yde6E+KuBF+7HOf/fR1Y2Xfcf3X7oxLc29t1nfzaNlqdykyZNhowaSJqAtAvz9q3h/QOO+9Buk8IYOmYQiZ4xk//+zrQR9TjfQAEMOPot/ocJwEuAaOCMMr0GYubYlai9sV5c50jNnyeWrl3oMOh1tcX6vvUG1TPlxJ9DaZLWbarrsvGzGkVDv8H2es30XuvZLeysX0otP0+wG4xI2UersD9POE0b8dE/pzHljp3NFq2cy+6VSbs2jGjQ0dEh2cHUM29pl6jsfWi1QZtXT//yx+0oVnp9advbuh6igYzCmHg5Suj2BEC8QDRwRpleA9Hye/GzrUHfnLwdUW/RQEfnkz5yGjy8P032rGj4xnf5iAmOg0cMMDQ2WPKnaGDss39/Qlmg9hMAIxo2H3ALPLnzwv04prK6aNDc4EtEA+mSbcHfMGW/w5uZxUglNNVryn5j9bdbg9aQO0zZ1fureouGk5kRFMzfi/GUCgBqBqKBM8r0GoiWmPPBAUnf1mOCZEWDRbeOn6/6lAouGz9jRMOBxO3NmuuFV/1vs/+Q3mqigaybdedF/5qjKRrU/orJioYaN/gS0WBqZsKe3ljp9aWBUWs1ldBAoiGl6keKmPNBQrcqACIFooEzyvQaiJPcwhzvwDVnsurzUAlGNJz/LVa/VcvtIWuTboTRtG1tZ0UfbTnobtKuzQ+/Rged2kWSYuGKj6nSJ3z9kaqfBhKuBTVv2Xyd37/qLhpq3OCpXyJJSRz881KM6qJh8sfjBjg6HL8VTvbW8P5OVdcoNI5oOHv3sPeh1RRYodsWADEC0cAZZXoNxEnwib2hVVcP1Fs0UGH+0g9b6regt1+t/gcJiEUr59LRv11fm9YGrWzsu3/8+QxDY4P9R7cPe2ewjo5O916W5l06fLBgspo+eLloqHGDVD/TeZJBm1dpMTXRkPhz6KC/9zMwak3Wf0hvRqw0jmggo5BSYIVuWwDECEQDZ5TpNRAhBS+e0DHx+d/i+EyQjNEB/bl7sVQ4cft79mGYzDWGfxQyQpgCfRp6xq+Ot4PUNM0NplTdM+qHX6Nr3qub4bX9w7NBjUJKgaXwCt3CAIgOiAbOKNNrIEJOpsUdOLaj8edUJdjBYztOpsYJ3cIAiA6IBs4o02sgQvyitxz789gdpl1LzAjxi/YSuoUBEB0QDZxRptdAbLwoeeYV4IHnWDaQUWApvBRkodsZAHEB0cAZZXoNxEbqL8l74zjf0AlWd9sb65X2S7LQ7QyAuIBo4IwyvQZiIz4lPOzsHsFnVhlb+Lm98clhQrczAOICooEzyvQaiI3AxN2xqQGCz6wyNgovBVnodgZAXEA0cEaZXgOx4RvheeL294LPrDK2k7cjdkVsErqdARAXEA2cUabXQGxsD15bvxtBwupoFF4KstDtDIC4gGjgjDK9BmLDK8Dj/G+xgs+sMjYKLwVZ6HYGQFxANHBGmV4DseG5303waVX2RkEWup0BEBcQDZxRptdAbOBMQ0MbzjQAoAlEA2eU6TUQG7imoaEN1zQAoAlEA2eU6TUQG/j3REMb/j0BgCYQDZxRptdAbOA+DQ1tuE8DAJpANHBGmV4DsYE7Qja04Y6QAGgC0cAZZXoNxAaePdHQhmdPAKAJRANnlOk1EBt4ymWDGp5yCUCNQDRwRpleAxHiF+2VmBEi+PwqS6PAUniFbmEARAdEA2eU6TUQISfT4g4c2yH4/CpLO3hsx8nUOKFbGADRAdHAGWV6DURIwYsn3odWn/8tTvApVmZGIaXAUniFbmEARAdEA2eU6TUQJ8En9oae9RN8lpWZUUgpsEK3LQBiBKKBM8r0GoiT3MIc78A1uDWkFo2CSSGlwArdtgCIEYgGzijTayBaYs4HByR9K/hcKxujYFJIhW5VAEQKRANnlOk1EC2/Fz/bGvTNydsRgk+3MjAKIwWTQip0qwIgUiAaOKNMr4GYOXYlam8sbvSkBaMwUjCFbk8AxAtEA2eU6TUQM5WqygMJ3wYk+Qg+6UraKIAHj35LwRS6PQEQLxANnFGm10DkFJU+3xWxKeLCPsGnXolaxAV/30hPCqPQLQmAqIFo4IwyvQbiJ7cgZ3vw2rj0QMEnYMlZRPI+Ch0FUOg2BEDsQDRwRpleA0lwK/ua5363uLRDgk/DErL49EMUtHv5mUK3HgASAKKBM8r0GkgFmvy2HHAPP4enZtfJws/v3R689lbOT0K3GwDSAKKBM8r0GkiIR4U5flGb9x/djmdgvsQoON8lbKNAPcJ9nACoMxANnFGm10BaFJcXBZ/w843yTLoZLvj0LEKjsFBwgk74UaCEbisApAREA2eU6TWQHJWqylPpcduD1+47su1kZqTg87RIjEJBAaGwUHDw70oAuALRwBlleg0kSlHZi8QrkVuD1gQk+Zy9q+hHVJD7FAQKBQWEwiJ0ywAgSSAaOKNMr4GkKSjKP3w+cGvg6r2xXrE/Bpz7T4zgU3ijGTlLLpPj5D4FgUIhdGsAIGEgGjijTK+BDHheUph8/cSBBB+vAI+dERuDT/tGX9qfmBHyw6/R5+7GXLgfJ/gEz9OS78eTI+QOOUWukYPkJjlLLpPj5L7QLQCA5IFo4IwyvQZyoqyi5MZv6YlXosNO+u+N8d4Run5r4JrNB90997s1nHn4/F/Tprr02nBfsfmAOzlC7pBT5Bo5SG6Ss0LHGwD5ANHAGWV6DQBP1q5dS7lDr0LvCACg/kA0cEaZXgPAh/LycnNzc8qdTp06lZWVCb07AIB6AtHAGWV6DQAfwsLChgwZQrnj6OgYGhoq9O4AAOoJRANnlOk1AHwgxUC6gXKHUQ9C7w4AoJ5ANHBGmV4DUG/S0tLMzc3Ly8spd5jfKahG6J0CANQHiAbOKNNrAOrN3LlzmesfmdxZt27dnDlzhN4pAEB9gGjgjDK9BqDekEp48eKPOzAyuUNlqhF6pwAA9QGigTPK9BoA/iB3AJA6EA2cUabXAPAHuQOA1IFo4IwyvQaAP8gdAKQORANnlOk1APxB7gAgdSAaOKNMrwHgD3IHAKkD0cAZZXoNAH+QOwBIHYgGzijTawD4g9wBQOpANHBGmV4DwB/kDgBSB6KBM8r0GgD+IHcAkDoQDZxRptcA8Ae5A4DUgWjgjDK9BoA/yB0ApA5EA2eU6TUA/EHuACB1IBo4o0yvAeAPcgcAqQPRwBlleg0Af5A7AEgdiAbOKNNrAPiD3AFA6kA0cEaZXgPAH+QOAFIHooEzyvQaAP4gdwCQOhANnFGm1wDwB7kDgNSBaOCMMr0GgD/IHQCkDkQDZ5TpNQD8ETZ3zp49u3v3brXKnJwcFxcXQfYHACkC0cAZZXoNAH/UcqdHjx7R0dGN9u3btm0bMWKEWuXVq1ebNWvWaPsAgNSBaOCMMr0GgD9quZOfn19SUtJo3w7RAAB/IBo4o0yvAeCPWu6MGTPm+PHjVLh3796kSZOMjY27dOny/PlztbXc3d1Xr17NlD09PZcvX86UXVxcunbtampqGhERwdQEBQVZWlq2b99+y5YtTE1paamzs7OJiUm/fv3mz59fm2ig3bCzs6MVvby8qDIgIGD8+PHsMvPmzYuMjNRKBACQOhANnFGm1wDwp7afJ2j6X7RoUXl5eWZmJr2qrbVw4cLPPvuMKS9btmzOnDlUuHLlCimGZ8+e5efnP3r0SFV13oJkR3p6ekZGRps2bQoLC6nSz8/PwcHh+vXrWVlZb7/9do2iQUdHZ8aMGZcuXSLFQOW8vLzs7GxdXd2bN2/SArm5uQYGBk+fPm2QiAAgNSAaOKNMrwHgT22iYcWKFX379iXFUONaNYqG1NRUfX39qKgodrGAgICRI0feqmLgwIHx8fFUOW3aNE9PT2aB2n6e0NPTKy0tZd5aWlqGhoZSgTa1atUqKpCSmDVrFk/HAZANEA2cUabXAPCnNtFQUFBAx/pNmzZ1dXUtKytTW6tG0UD4+PiQbqDZ/d69e/SW6s3MzPr/yd69e6nSxMQkMTGRWb4u1zSMHTvWzc2NCvv377e2tqaCvb19UlKSdvwHQPpANHBGmV4DwJ+X/3vi7Nmzpqam4eHhamuRaFi0aBFTdnZ2ZkUD8fDhQxIN06dPp/LSpUsdHR3V1rW1tfX392fKdRENVlZWx44do0JhYSEpEj8/vy5dulRWVnL3FQB5AtHAGWV6DQB/ahMNNHMzf6MYPHhwQECA2lqenp6kBsrKyugjmsgZ0XD37l3mUgZvb++JEyeqqq5y0NXVPXr0KJVpmi8oKKDC4sWLR48enZ+fn56ebmNjU9s1DaRXqJycnNyyZcuioiLmo5kzZ9LXubq6aj8QAEgWiAbOKNNrAPhTm2j48MMPTUxMbG1tnZyc2MsLWEgfdO/evVWrVlOnTv3yyy8Z0RASEmJkZGRnZ2dvb5+SksIs6e/vb2hoaGlpaW5uvnPnTqrJyMiwsLBo1qyZg4MDTf81igbaDukD2lSLFi18fHzYj+Li4po0aXLnzh1thwEACQPRwBlleg0Af16SO3R8z5wbqA3N/y9UVlbm5uZqVmZnZ1dUVLx8MZby8nJmy48fPy4uLq7+UWho6LBhw16ySwAoEIgGzijTawD4I63cefPNNw8cOCD0XgAgLiAaOKNMrwHgj4Ryp7S0NDIy8sWLF0LvCADiAqKBM8r0GgD+IHcAkDoQDZxRptcA8Ae5A4DUgWjgjDK9BoA/yB0ApA5EA2eU6TUA/EHuACB1IBo4o0yvAeAPcgcAqQPRwBlleg0Af5A7AEgdiAbOKNNrAPiD3AFA6kA0cEaZXgPAH+QOAFIHooEzyvQaAP4gdwCQOhANnFGm1wDwB7kDgNSBaOCMMr0GgD/IHQCkDkQDZ5TpNQD8Qe4AIHUgGjijTK8B4A9yBwCpA9HAGWV6DQB/kDsASB0Ji4bKyuLHj9MyMyPS0vacO7clKembhITVsbGrDh92bVCbOXNog26fXCBHyB1yilwjB8lNclbAUAOZUVZRcv239GNXosJO+u+N8d4Run5r4JrNB9w997s1qI16928Nun1ygRwhd8gpco0cJDfJWaHjDYB8kJ5oKC8vvH8/KSVle3y8++nT63/+eefdu/vy8oKLiiJLS6MrK2NUqjhJG7lAjpA75BS5Rg6Sm+QsuUyOk/uNH3MgD56XFCZfP3EgwccrwGNX5Kbg077Rl/YnZoT88Gv0ubsxyffjU3KOSNrIBXKE3CGnyDVykNwkZ8llcpzcF7oFAJA8UhINZWX5168HJCR4JCdvvn//AM2sgk/wjWbkLLlMjpP7FAQKRWNGHkidgqL86POBWwNX743zik0NOPefGMEn+EYzcpZcJsfJfQoChULo1gBAwkhDNFRUPM/MDD96dHVa2o7i4kjBp3ABjdynIFAoKCAUlsaJP5AuRWUvEi9HbA1aE5D07dm7hwWfwgU0cp+CQKGggFBYhG4ZACSJ+EVDZVZW7LFjay5d8n72LFzwOVskRqGggFBYKDgUooZvBSA9KlWVp9Ljtgev3Zew9WRmpOBztkiMQkEBobBQcCqROwBwRNSioaLiRVra7jNnNj55EiL4PC1Co7BQcChEFKgGbQggOYrLi4JP7PGN8ky6GS74PC1Co7BQcChEFCih2woAKSFe0VBcnH3mzKbLl71lcG1jwxkFh0J05ownhavh2gJIi0eFD3ZHb/kuYZsMrm1sOKPgUIj8ojZTuIRuMQAkg0hFw9On1xIT19y+7Sf4rFxHy80N/O23/ZWVsYJ8OwUqNtbtxYvbDdQcQELcyvlpW/DasPN7BZ+V62gJ14JifjyYnC2MvqFAbT7ofi8/U+h2A0AaiFE00OR3+LBrTk6AIBOwhUXb4OBldV/+yZOQkSN79+v3Wu/elkZGrQTZZ7Ls7AMUtCdPrjZEiwCpQJOf5363+PRDgkzA7Tq2XbPLpe7LJ90IG+DoYGPfvXsvy9YGrQTZZ7K4tEMUtFvZ14RuPQAkgOhEQ1HR/cTENXfu7BVq9uUqGtzdZ82a9TemXFAQJtRuk5HMotBRALXeKEAS5BZkbw9eG5G8T6jZl6to+HTJB6PfG8aUj98S8tqLuPRACh0FUOg2BEDsiEs0lJf/furUxl9+EUwxVBcNCQkeo0Y5mJoajBzZOyNjJysR+vSxMjNrM2/eKObHiJUrZzg4WAorF1j75Zc9p09vpDBqt12A+Ckqfb4rYlPEBcEUQ3XRsDVwzcChfYxMDAc4OgSd2sVKhB6vWxmbtpnw/mjmx4g5X8ywtrMSVi6wFnHB3zfSk8IodEsCIGpEJRoqL17ckZ6+Xdh5lxUNP/yw4cyZjUVFkTNnDv3qq3eZTw8dWkoTc25uYNu2BhcubKaau3f3WVmZWVt3PH/eU3DRQJaWtv3SJR+VqkKrTQNETaWq8kDCtwFJPsLOu6xo2BW5yTdq0w+/Ro96d+hM50nMpx4+/xeR7J9wLcjQ2GBP7Baqib6037xLBwtL8z0xWwQXDWQUwICj3+J/mAC8BBGJhszMyORkmoaFuZZQUzSw5uOzYOhQO7XFhg17g+qZcn5+sJNTPz09XV/ffwouGiiAFMbbtyO12DRA5By7ErU31kvwSVfz54mlaxc6DHpdbbG+b71B9Uw58efQt4b3122q67LxM8H3n4zCmHg5Suj2BEC8iEU0lJUVHj26urBQ+JP8rGjIyNj5j3+Mfeed/m+80ZUVDSEhy6ZPHzJuXP+2bQ127FhQfcVNm+ZSQC5e9BLchWfP/rh7JoVUW60DxMzvxc+2Bn1z8naE4DMuKxqCTu2a9JHT4OH9X+vZjRUN3/guHzHBcfCIAYbGBkv+FA2MffbvTyh39sV7C+7CycwICubvxcgdAGpGLKLh558D09J2CD7dVhcN3bt33Lx5HhV8ff/JiIYff9zWooUe80fQESN6q4kGsl69Oq9f/7HgLpClp2+nkGqrdYCYiTkfHJD0reDTbXXRYNGt4+erPqWCy8bPGNFwIHF7s+Z64VV/BO0/pLeaaCDrZt150b/mCO5CStWPFDHng4RuVQBEiihEQ1FRTkKCR3FxlOBzLSsayssPv/pqy2PH1jx5EjJ79nAHB0v6KC7OrUOHNkVFkT/99C1JinXrZlPliRNrHz48pKq6VYO+fvPw8BWCu6CqekTFkSMeFFitNBAQLbmFOd6Ba85kieKhEoxoOP9brH6rlttD1ibdCHOaNsLazoo+2nLQ3aRdmx9+jQ46tYskxcIVH1OlT/j6I9eCUqpu1dC8ZfN1fv8S3IWUqkdUeB9aTYEVum0BECOiEA2pqXtu3vQVfKKtLhqo4OHxQevWLejt1q3zSUBs2DCntDR60CAbI6NW/fq99q9/TW/b1uDKla2TJ7+lq6vTu7ellZXZ0qWThbq/k6ZRSCmwWmkgIFqCT+wNPesn+ERbXTRQYf7SD1vqt6C3X63+BwmIRSvnnvtPjF1fm9YGrWzsu3/8+QxDY4P9R7cPe2ewjo5O916W5l06fLBgslD3d9I0CikFVui2BUCMCC8aSkoeHzniTkf2gs+ymlZQEFZW9seOFRaGlZT890RIfn4wU8jLC2IK9OmNG77ikQuMUUgpsBRe/m0ExEnBiyd0THz+tzjBZ1lNO34r/Ny9WCqcuP09+3TNxJ9D/1vICGEK9GnoGT/xyAXGKKQUWAqv0C0MgOgQXjTcuROTmirw3yzlaqmp2yi8/NsIiJOTaXEHju0QfIqVpR08tuNkapzQLQyA6BBeNPzwg2d+fpDg86ssLS8v+MwZT/5tBMSJX/SWY38eu8O0a4kZIX7RXkK3MACig9es36RJE55fX1b2LD7eHc+xbCCjwFJ4Kcg8mwmIkBclz7wCPPAcywYyCiyFl4IsdDsDIC4EFg05OReqbugk/PwqV6PwPniQzLOZgAhJ/SV5b5zwN3SSse2N9Ur7BbkDwP/AVzTw1A03boTeurVb8JlVxkbhpSDzaSMgTuJTwsPO7mm4KTM2NWDB8o+dpo3wO7xZ8PlbEAs/tzc+OUzodgZAXPC9KIGnaLh8edf9+wcEn1llbBTey5d38mxlIEICE3fTvF7vGfEvn0g5cuLQ9//x3r5477BzDShNxGwUXgqy0O0MgLjgJRqysrL09fXptd5bOHVqY2FhuOAzq4ytsDCMglw95mlpaXPnzl23bh2fpgeC4xvheeL29w0nGl41bM3nvs5RF7/Ta6Z37j8xfKZtrWyk3nbydsSuiE1CtzMA4oLvmYbTp0+bmJjQa/1WT0xcU1wcKfjMKmOj8FKQVX88drw8LCxsyJAh5ubma9euffHiBc+mB8KyPXgtnxtBsqLhSw/nWQsmf73mH+3NTfsP6U3zdErVnZ5feeUVs07tho8fQm/fHNb3G9/l/d7uPerdoSk1PeSa7KN/TuvQqZ2RieGGvSvprbWdFW3BwtJ8ysfj2G+hZUiLMFtw/r+PmBUXu86b/dk0prz5gNtrPbu1aNm8o0X7iGR/tY3UuFbYWT/LHl22Bq6x6NZx7e4VVLN657KOnc2M2xp97vYpH9FA4aUgC93OAIgLLfxnko9uiI8X6W2dZGMU3pCQZaQSSCuQYiDdQOqBf6MDwfEK8Dj/Wyx/0TDnixk0vzpNHR5w3KfvW2/M+3pWStUfDps119sW/A1zO6bOVuY0Da/fszL+amBKTQ+53n90OymGk5kRtPzRn4Kp5rsjW2m+P3zlwPGb4cy3GLR59cNFU0N+2E1vJ388burcCcyeUOW46SNTqh5zpaOjQ8Ii6UbY9xf2nv4lUm0jNa516MS3TZo0GTJq4L547+O3wmkHDIxaky+0NRIofE7GUHgpyEK3MwDiQjv3gWZ+p6D05nqJQ0yMq+DTquxNT0/3FSA7Rr37Nz6H0dVFg11fmwv3/7itJB3HO45+k1mgeYtmJAWYMomGZRtqeHQ1+5Drg8d2NG/ZfOM+V/ajiJR9tJPsLwv0Lf3e7s1+WuP0TwUjE8Pqd4dU20htooGkRkLVMyzI3HcsHeDoEHZuD1kvhx406/OJkud+N62MkADIBq09ppKhyZ/UceCbNetvONPQoMacaVi3bh1zpiE0NLSsrEy7jQ4EQYtnGka/N4ypXLRybm2iYdN3q9h1a3zINakH0g00YR++cqBG0cB+S23T/6hJf2O/nZNoaKrXlF2FKo1N2/Tsbc3Yv7Z8Ue8Q4UwDAJpoWTRwBdc0NLSpXdPg6OjYqVMnXNMgA7R1TQNX0fCSh1wfuRZEooH0RF1EA3OZAtmkD8cy0/+sBZPbm5u+XDRorqUmGj5YMLn3/2vvXGOiSs84bjSRroUirhdatbUk1NgQjR8a+sFqjEGNpjHrF8MnL2m6fmhN1sSsTRqXm2ahXAVUiiAg11WBgQGHS0VgUUTpzLgiIuAuRUBBYBlWBmRm6B+nTCggHQaG95zT/y9PzOFkznvO83/GPP/JOed9f+vjsCyTg880EDIdwaaBb084O/j2hFJZqLcn5moaZlzkWvUw1foow2dBn1pHuNuaB29xvTx+RtNw6twf0Npr2tWBcWdcPnKxtv8UzUVYhM9D/4yf+OXPbiC7KYPMeNQU04BrXrp0aUxWCLZrO4v/8fymwxLx7QlCpiPYNHCeBmcH52lQKgs1T8NcTcOMi1yfT/gL9nht/oX3r3+ZPPGipv+nn/zEww3jTzcNMBkwHD/6yGXP73/n/8dPrO0f8fmXf4Ib8PjYHQdazz55kBmPmmIaEH+N+uzHbit+9nPPNZ4fY0CHJeI8DYRMR7Bp4IyQzg7I29iYI7bKxBk4e0bI2WP6Itf4WW97GtEW5c9uVH2r+tAg1ncipkRNu7pYnzHLIDMeNSVwMUW6DOvTnQ4HZ4QkZDqCTQPXnnB2cO0JZxMWFtbQ0LD45+XaE84Orj1ByHQEmwaucunU4CqXi8DmzZtVKhU2Hj9+vHz58kU7L1e5dGpwlUtCZkSwaQDV1eFv3mQL76+KDAgLeUVXWOHYTIPJZOru7l7MUyeqomx3BxgLGxAW8i5mNQmRBeJNw4sXhVptrPD+qsjQai9CXtEVlg379+/PycnZs2ePv78//szKyvLy8lq3bl1kZKT1AxqNZu/evWvWrPHz87PdkrCZhqamJh8fH2zAOvzqv+nr68P+lpaWHTt2uLu7Hz58eHDwPz9hz549u2nTJoyZm5s71wuu0BWllcUJ76+KjOtlcRXaooX4WhGiKMSbhpGRvtu3OZn0wgckhbCQV3SFZQPaP1zCrVu3Xr161dvbu2rVKr1eD3Pg4eFhMBjwgaqqqurqaqPRCFdx+vRp21FTbk+YzeZXE8Bk7N692zp19759+yIiIjAyNlJSUrCnvr4ejgEGAjt7enrmesEDQ/3RGcH3Xs7rcT/G9ICkEBbyLuC3ixBlIN40AK32alNTgvAuq7CApBBWdG3lBNr/lStXrNvp6el+fn7P3+Pr61tcXDz5k/Hx8bt27bId9aFnGsLDwzds2GC9ZwHb4erqCheCAQMCAo4dOzY2/s3XrlixIj8/3+Frzr6T9NXXicK7rMICkkJYh4tCiIKRhGkwGrs0mqDh4XzhjVYxATEhKYQVXVs5YWv/4Pjx456enr+ZIClpvIU0NDScPHny4MGDW7du/Z+moaKiAobgwYMH1j9hO1xcXGwDWu+AjL33H/gYDEp7e7sD19xt6IrODJnP1JCMKQExISmEdfBrRIiikYRpAE+fZup0ccJ7rWICYkJS0VWVGZNNw5kzZ3bu3DnlA97e3hEREdhISEiY3TTAAaxduxYfsx1bV1e3bNmyjo6O6ed9/fo1TMORI0ccu+zCe9np5ZeE91rFBMSEpI7VghDFIxXTMDpqKCkJNhhuCG+3CgjICDEhqeiqyozJpqG+vh49vqSkBNsWi2VgYMBkMrm5uZWVlfX39x89enT79u1TjrKZhpGREV9f3xMnTkwefHR0dMuWLadOnbKu+oFB8G9bW5v1UYbo6OhDhw45dtk/DA/GZJ2vaM4V3m4VEJARYkJSx2pBiOKRimkYG3+2PO/9RE9q4U1X5qGGjBBTdD3lx2TTAJKTk93d3b28vNavX3/58vhU3EFBQa6urhs3boyJiYGBCA0NHZvJNMBqLFmyZPXq1T+doLm5GfufPHmybdu2lStXent7HzhwAHtycnLwp4+PD/bbbmQ4QFl9fpKaEz0tQEBGiDm/7xEhSkZCpgG/6Orq4vR6vn45r9DpYiEjxBRdTSVgsVg6OzvNZrNtz8DAgHVtcYPBMDIy4sCYPT09k5cYxSnmP7uDZcySprmUPrGwE8OxgIDXSy5Z+H+HkA8jKdMwZjL9cPduWGtrkvDWK9Nobb1aWRkGGUVXkiw2xndvr+T+Lff+NeGtV6aRez85IS8cMoquJCGSRlqmYWz8TYqO0tKQrq504Q1YdvHiRRKkg4Cia0jE0D3QFZt9oUifKbwByy5ya69BOggouoaESB3JmYax8WfEHhcUnOvs5JLZcwjYLIg2NNQsunpEJM87vwlPDSjSZTi7yyopivUZEK29t0V09QiRAVI0DQDNT63+gqtm2xnNzYmlpSHff/+N6LoR8aD5RaYF3qwRtmq2vOLmvaTY7AvPu56Irhsh8kCipgEMD3dVV4c/ehTNNTBnCYjz6FEMhIJcoitGpEKPoSsxPyK1JJZrYM4SECdFcxFC9XAeJ0LsRrqmYWx8Dv8hrTahujqsvz9HeHuWYEAWiKPV/h1Cia4VkRbDJmP2ncSE/PDyppvC27MEA7JAnKw7iRBKdK0IkROSNg3vsXz3nbqsLOThw6jBwZvC+7REAlJAEMgCcfh2JZkRy5jlrr4oNvvCtdsXK1ryhPdpiQSkgCCQBeLw7UpC5or0TcM4ZvPblpZbJSXBOl3s8HCe8J4tMJA+RIAUEASyiK4MkTrG0aHS+ryYrJD08viv2/6vl6hA+hABUkAQyCK6MoTIEnmYBiujo72NjekaTVBtbcTLl2nv3qmEt/BFCySLlJE40ocIkEJ0NYicGDD2FtzLjMkMTlJHqf+ZXvOvQuEtfNECySJlJI70IQKkEF0NQmSMnEyDFZPJ0NFRXlcXW1wcWFkZ+vTp5ba2a2/eZBuNeeisZrPsZ6G2WAqRCNJBUkgNCSJNJIuUkTjSF10BIlfejhhqG++kaeKj0oMu54ZlVyaoHqaWNuRUfauqaSu831EkvMHPM2o7ipEI0kFSSA0JIk0ki5SRONIXXQFCZI/8TIMNi2W4r0/f0pKn012tqYksLz+v0QSr1QEFBedkHWr1F0gE6SAppIYEkSaSFa03UQ6j5pFnL/Wl9aobFclJhdFxX30ZkxkScT0wPDVA1hGRFohEkA6SQmpIEGkiWdF6E6IcZGwaCCGEELKY0DQQQgghxC5oGgghhBBiFzQNhBBCCLELmgZCCCGE2AVNAyGEEELsgqaBEEIIIXZB00AIIYQQu6BpIIQQQohd0DQQQgghxC5oGgghhBBiF/8GlAew/EfEfUIAAAAASUVORK5CYII=){width="466"
height="288"}

The IaaS provider and IaaS consumer are the cloud service provider and
cloud service consumer of the IaaS cloud service.

The IaaS consumer, IaaS application user, IaaS application, IaaS
platform, and IaaS infrastructure form a copy of the Application Model,
with the IaaS consumer as the operator of the IaaS application.

The IaaS consumer uses the IaaS service to support the IaaS platform,
which in turn supports the IaaS application, and has a business relation
with the IaaS application users.

Mobile Computing
================

Mobile Computing Model
----------------------

The mobile computing phenomenon is based on the use of portable
computing devices that can connect to the Internet wherever the user is.
This can be achieved in various ways, including:

-   The use of cellular telephone networks as networks in the Internet

-   The ability to connect a device to WiFi networks that are part of
    the Internet

-   The ability to connect a portable computer to access points on
    different fixed networks that are part of the Internet.

(The Internet is a collection of connected networks that can include
cellular telephone networks, WiFi networks, fixed Ethernet networks, and
other networks of various kinds.)

Examples of mobile devices include cellphones, tablets, and laptop
computers.

The basic mobile computing model is illustrated in the [figure below
(Figure 10)](#fig_mobile). It is essentially the same as the Application
Model with the addition of a connection to the World-Wide Web, and with
the understanding that the user of the mobile device and apps is also
their operator.

<span id="fig_mobile"
class="anchor"></span>![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="102"
height="330"}<span id="_Ref339718354" class="anchor"></span>Figure 10:
The Mobile Computing Model

The application programs that run on mobile devices are known as apps.
“App” is not just an abbreviated form of “application”. An app generally
does not use a large amount of computing resource (since mobile devices
often do not have large amounts of computing resource) and uses
information that is stored on a server rather than holding that
information in local storage long-term.

A mobile device platform supports the application programs on the device
and enables them to use the capabilities of the device infrastructure.
Examples are Android and iOS.

Mobile device infrastructure typically includes some means of obtaining
user input, some form of user display, one or more processors, local
storage, and connectivity to the Internet.

App Store Model
---------------

Apps are usually downloaded to mobile devices from app stores. An *app
store* is a web resource from which users can acquire and download apps.
There are a number of app stores on the web. The original examples were
operated by mobile device platform vendors. There are now also app
stores operated by other enterprises.

The app store model captures the business and technical environment for
app store use, as shown in the [next figure (Figure
11)](#fig_app_store).

<span id="fig_app_store" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339722279"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 11: The App Store
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="421"
height="373"}

The mobile user, mobile app, mobile device platform, and mobile device
infrastructure are as in the Mobile Computing Model. This is an
extension of that model.

The user of a mobile device can download an app from an app store. The
user often has a business relation with the app store operator. For
example, the operator may be a mobile device platform vendor, and the
user may have purchased or licensed the platform. In any case, the
operator typically identifies each user and keeps track of his or her
downloads.

The *app supplier* is an enterprise or person that makes the app
available for acquisition in the app store. The user often purchases or
licenses the app from the supplier, rather than from the app store
operator.

The app store operator generally has a business relation with the
supplier. The operator may, for example, charge a commission on sales of
the app through the store. The operator may also impose quality or
security standards on apps made available in the store.

Mobile Device Management Model
------------------------------

Mobile Device Management (MDM) is management of mobile devices deployed
across mobile operators, service providers, and enterprises. MDM
functionality typically includes over-the-air distribution of
applications, data, and configuration settings for all types of mobile
devices, including mobile phones, smartphones, tablet computers,
ruggedized mobile computers, mobile printers, mobile point-of-sale
devices, etc. This applies to company-owned and employee-owned devices
across the enterprise and to mobile devices owned by consumers.

The Mobile Device Management Model is shown in the [next figure (Figure
12)](#fig_mdm).

<span id="fig_mdm" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339723228"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 12: The Mobile Device Management
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="413"
height="331"}

The mobile user, mobile app, mobile device platform, and mobile device
infrastructure are as in the Mobile Computing Model. This is an
extension of that model.

The remainder of the MDM model is a copy of the Application Model. The
device management operator, device manager, device management
application, device management platform, and device management
infrastructure can be considered as the application operator,
application user, application, application platform, and application
infrastructure of the application model.

The *device management operator* is an enterprise that manages a set of
devices. A common scenario is that these are devices used – and in some
cases owned – by its employees. The *device manager* is also often an
employee of that enterprise, with responsibility for managing the
devices, perhaps a member of the IT department. In any case, there is
some kind of business relation between the device management operator
and the mobile user, and between the device management operator and the
device manager.

The device manager uses the *device management application* to manage
the devices. This application is operated by the device management
operator. It is able to use the mobile device platforms on the managed
devices to manage the infrastructure. It communicates with these
platforms across the World-Wide Web, and has access to this through the
device management platform and the underlying device management
infrastructure.

Mobile Application Management Model
-----------------------------------

*Mobile Application Management* (MAM) is the management of apps on
mobile devices deployed across mobile operators, service providers, and
enterprises, including provisioning and configuration of access control.

MAM differs from MDM. It focuses on application management, while MDM
manages the device at lower levels, including firmware and configuration
settings.

The mobile application management model is shown in the [next figure
(Figure 13)](#fig_mam).

<span id="fig_mam" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339723998"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 13: The Mobile Application
Management
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="413"
height="331"}

The mobile user, mobile app, mobile device platform, and mobile device
infrastructure are as in the Mobile Computing Model. This is an
extension of that model.

The remainder of the MAM model is a copy of the Application Model. The
app management operator, app manager, app management application, app
management platform, and app management infrastructure can be considered
as the application operator, application user, application, application
platform, and application infrastructure of the application model.

The *app management operator* is an enterprise that manages a set of
mobile apps. A common scenario is that these are apps used by its
employees. The app manager is also often an employee of that enterprise,
with responsibility for managing the apps, perhaps a member of the IT
department. In any case, there is some kind of business relation between
the app management operator and the mobile user, and between the app
management operator and the app manager.

The app manager uses the *app management application* to manage the
devices. This application is operated by the app management operator. It
is able to use the mobile device platforms on the managed devices to
manage the apps that run on them. It communicates with these platforms
across the World-Wide Web, and has access to this through the app
management platform and the underlying app management infrastructure.

Mobile Connected Device Model
-----------------------------

Mobile devices often have local connections to other devices. This is an
important feature of mobile computing.

Locally connected devices can include:

-   Other, similar, mobile devices

-   Peripherals, such as headsets or printers

-   Fixed devices connected to the Internet (for example,
    payment terminals)

-   Sensors and controls.

Local connections can use a number of media, including:

-   USB cables

-   Bluetooth

-   Near Field Communication (NFC).

The mobile connected device model is shown in the [next figure (Figure
14)](#fig_mobile_connected).

<span id="fig_mobile_connected" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339724449"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 14: The Mobile Connected Device
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="398"
height="314"}

The mobile user, mobile app, mobile device platform, and mobile device
infrastructure are as in the Mobile Computing Model. This is an
extension of that model.

A *connected device* is a device connected to a mobile computing system
by some form of local connection. The *connected device operator* is the
person or enterprise responsible for operating the connected device.
This may be the mobile user. There is generally a business relation
between the mobile user and the connected device operator, covering use
of the connected device. (This is the trivial “same entity” business
relation if the connected device operator is the mobile user.)

The mobile device platform and mobile device infrastructure enable apps
and the user to use connected devices by communicating with them across
the local connections.

Social Computing
================

There are no models defined specifically for social computing, but
social computing solutions often include instances of the Web
Application Model and the Web Service Model.

Social Networks
---------------

*Social computing* refers here to computing related to or using social
media. *Social media* is an application of Internet and web technology
that provides a means of interactions among people in which they create,
share, and exchange information and ideas in virtual communities and
networks.

A social media system is a *social network*. Such a system is
essentially a web application, as shown in the [figure below (Figure
15)](#fig_social_network).

<span id="fig_social_network" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339725254"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 15: Social
![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="277"
height="306"}Network

The social network is a web application, the social network operator is
the web application operator, the social network platform is the web
application platform, and the social network infrastructure is the web
application infrastructure, as in the Web Application Model. The social
media user is the web application user. Users are treated individually;
different users can access different information, and may have rights to
access different facilities. Membership is often free-of-charge, but
charges may apply, perhaps with different charges for different levels
of membership.

Social Web Service
------------------

Social networks can often be accessed through APIs. Many social network
operators expose APIs and have developed apps that use them.

These APIs are of two different kinds. One kind is used by the members
of the social network, and enables them to use it more effectively than
through a web browser. The other kind provides information about use of
the social network, and is used by other enterprises, often for
marketing purposes. The business model of many social networks is that
their members use them free-of-charge, and other enterprises pay for
information about that use.

A social network that exposes APIs is essentially a web service, as
shown in the [next figure (Figure 16)](#fig_social_web_service).

<span id="fig_social_web_service" class="anchor"><span
id="_Ref339727912" class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 16: Social Web
Service![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="342"
height="290"}

The social network is the social web service, with operator, platform,
and infrastructure as in the Web Service Model. The social web service
user is a web service consumer, and the social web service application
is the web service consumer system.

The Internet of Things
======================

There is no commonly agreed definition of the *Internet of Things*. The
term is used here to mean “the collection of uniquely identifiable
objects embedded in or accessible by Internet hosts”.

A “uniquely identifiable object” can be, for example:

-   A sensor, such as a temperature sensor (thermometer)

-   An actuator; for example, to control a valve in a heating system

-   A combination of sensor and actuator (for example, a thermostat)

-   An object identifier, such as an RFID tag or a barcode

**Note** It is estimated that there will be over 25 billion such devices
by 2020, generating data at a rate that is one or more orders of
magnitude higher than the rate at which people generate data today.

For the purposes of this Standard, the things of interest are those that
are or can be connected to the Internet, either directly or indirectly.
These alternatives are covered by two basic models: the Internet Object
Model for direct connection, and the Managed Object Model for indirect
connection.

Internet Object Model
---------------------

The Internet object model is related to the Internet of Things and also
to big data analytics. It captures the situation where a device is
directly connected to the Internet. Some such devices can be sources of
data for big data analytics.

In the Managed Object Model, discussed in the following section, an
identifiable object, which can be a sensor, a control, or a passive
object (such as an item with a barcode) is connected by a local network
to a system that manages it. This system may in turn be connected to the
Internet, enabling other systems on the Internet to access the object
indirectly. In the Internet Object Model, by contrast, the object is
connected to the Internet directly. This rules out the possibility of it
being a passive object, since it must be able to manage the Internet
connection. It can, however, be a sensor or a control (or both). If the
object is a sensor, then it can be a data source.

The Internet object model is shown in the [figure below (Figure
17)](#fig_internet_object).

<span id="fig_internet_object" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339728947"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 17: The Internet Object
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="481"
height="294"}

An *Internet object* is a uniquely identifiable object that is connected
to the Internet and exposes an interface – the *object interface* – that
enables other systems connected to the Internet to interact with it. It
is operated by a person or enterprise: the *Internet object operator*.

The object interface can be a web service API, using HTTP over the
Internet protocols, or can be some other kind of interface that uses the
Internet protocols, such as a set of defined IP messages.

The *Internet object user* is a program that interacts with the object.
The person or enterprise that operates it is the *Internet object user
operator*. There is generally some kind of business relationship between
the Internet object user operator and the Internet object operator that
covers the use of the object. (This includes the trivial business
relationship where the two entities are the same.)

The Internet object user is supported by the Internet object user
platform and Internet object user infrastructure. The Internet object
user infrastructure provides access to the Internet for interaction with
the object.

Managed Object Model
--------------------

The more common scenario today is of an object that is connected
indirectly, as in the managed object model, shown in the [next figure
(Figure 18)](#fig_managed_object).

<span id="fig_managed_object" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339729581"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 18: The Managed Object
Model![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA+wAAAHYCAIAAABYz/VNAAC0yElEQVR4nOydB1gUV9fHo9glSrOLBTtisEYTW4xdE41Go8TXlijGEj4TNRJfo6IEo6JgQcWuQQREECkiYkelSBAjUZAQDYIooBSlLvAduW/m2exSFtjdmZ39/57z8Ax378zce/be/zkzO+WdEgAAAAAAAIBG8Q7fDQAAAAAAAABUDSTxAAAAAAAAaBhI4gEAAAAAANAwkMQDAAAAAACgYSCJBwAAAAAAQMNAEg8AAAAAAICGgSQeAAAAAAAADQNJPAAAAAAAABoGkngAAAAAAAA0jEqSeF/fdefOwVRr5GT1fNkAiA9oFDRK28CYx5gHgFFJEk9DuaTEH6ZSK3UyAKA6QKOgUdoGxjzGPAAMJPH8G8QCgGoDjYJGaRsY8xjzADCQxPNvEAsAqg00ChqlbWDMY8wDwEASz79BLACoNtAoaJS2gTGPMQ8AA0k8/waxAKDaQKOgUdoGxjzGPAAMJPH8G8QCgGoDjYJGaRsY8xjzADCQxJdtTk6LQ0O3QywAEDhC0KiCAp+HD50zMjykC7dunR8Ts4/3tkGjxIcQxjwvhrgMgAyCSOLbtWvWuHH9N2/OcCU//zznnXfeuX1bTdNV3oYO7XngwLdVXauw8NzKlVNNTY3fKQvqY/PmTceP75eVdRpiAYBS4DehycnxsrKa1Lq1wahRvbt3bztkiGls7AH2UbdubXx8fpJfhaTgjz94S+6hUSIAcRljHgCGgJL4U6d+4Ep69Wpfv34dzRKLV6/cSRFIDu7e3S2RnOPKSRqo3MZm1tOnx8looWPHFtJ6AbEAoNrwm8RbWo77+OP3uOm8Zct8Y2MjlveUl8S/eOEqrQ+VmqOj5dSpHyqltdAocYC4jDEPAEMoSfyMGUMnTRrI/v3tt12jR/c2NHyXiUVg4MYxY/o0a9aECtnP07GxB8zM2kdG7nz//a6dOrU8c2YNW1G+Jqv84Yc9DAx058z5+LPPBrm7r6bC/PyzixdPoF3Q0fmdO46sZnz8Ia5mv36dqyoWkycPWrXqc/lyOsRftuwT6RLSCyqEWABQc3hM4hMTj9euXSssbAdXUlTk26FD8127FpWUJvHHjn03YUJ/Pb3G06YNzs72ZHWonKSmPBV6/PjIJ58M0NfXpbRj376lpIFGRk10dRt07dra13d9DRsMjRIHiMsY8wAwhJLEe3quqVevDh0007/ff//ZkSPLObG4fn3LjRtbc3O9LSyG00dUcu+eE8XOYcPMrlzZ/Msv82jCs+3I1yQbOdL866/H0JapMgmBs/MyKjx0yGrs2L5paaccHBZOnDiA1SShWbJkYmbm6fPnbSiIspqKW6tW+n/9dUS+nIIxHehLl9C/VAixAKDm8JjEBwXZkhAVFv7rtPqUKR8sXDi2pDRZ79mznbf3WqpGmT2nJ9zlNPIqRMcA5uYdhw83+/13p/R0NzpIoLRm7dqZ48b1S0lxIWWrYYOhUeIAcRljHgCGUJJ4CloUvWgOs1NZNLc5seDMyWkxhTdOLBISDtPyw4fOFBQLCnzKrEkzv25dnceP/zeHuR/jJk0auGPHgri4A2FhO5o0aSiRnCOJadiw3pMnR2VqQiwAEDI8JvEnT64i0ZC5Nmb+/FGUx5eUJvHs/CLZ6tXTpk8fwpa5JF5ehe7ccaRPL1+2k94g5UOTJw9SSoOhUeIAcRljHgCGgJJ4W9vZdHR+8aIti1icWMTE7Pvmm/F0XP7eex04sahXrw5blySDxCI//2yZNS9c2NS0aSNuR5wE6Oo2MDU1HjCgCzNSEwqcenqN5WsqbtTsL78cLl8+fnw/G5tZ0iXLln2Cn+0AUAo8JvEhIdtIfCIiHKULx43rt3z55JJ/XxN/9Ojynj3bsWUuiZdXIW/vtZQGyZxxV2ISD40SB4jLGPMAMASUxNPxt45ObQqB7E4aTiy6dGm9ffsCWnB2XlaxWMjXTElxqVXrHfpbUvpTNYkIk4AOHZrv3v2NdBtIaKhmZub/7msZMsS0qmJBoZdaQvuVuYGGju+pnASCu4GG/sUNNAAoBR6T+IwMD0o7tm37iivJzvZs0qQhUzDpJN7aerql5Ti2zCXx8ioUHu5An8o8RE+JSTw0ShwgLmPMA8AQUBJPC717m3DPtGJiQbPu3XcbXrxo++qV+9y5I/v0MSlPLMqsSUYLU6Z8QNF0xoyhrVrpHzpkRYVr1nzRq1d79iMd7Y5pDX1qb/91QYEP1aFmVPXaO7Yp9iirOnVqV/AoK5lf8SAWAFQbfp9O89NPMylHYTOaJOirr0b37NmO8pKS0iR+xYopxcV+aWmn+vbtdPr0j2wVLomXV6HCwnO01rRpg1NTXWk5OflX+sjNbXXXrq1pO0ppMDRKBCAuY8wDwBBWEn/jxtazZ9eyQu6If+PG/+jqNjA2Ntq505LkYMuW+eUd8cvXpELaMs3Pjz7q5eX13379Oru6rmKzmgSFNkIRt21bQ3Zx3r59S+vW1aEpbWU1qRpH/NU2iAUA1YbfJJ5yFMo89PQaDxzYrUULvdGjeyclnWAfUTpOItO9e1v6dPLkQTk5XqycS+LLVKG7d3dTyk4qZGTUhAStpPRZeObmHU1MWl66ZKfElkOjNBfEZYx5ABiCSOIrtczM0+wREBTPmC5Uo+aLF646OrWjonZxJRRWqVC6DpXIvPEBYgGAkBGCRhUU+MTE7ON+9GeWkeFBKT6pUHq6G1eYlnaKchTucZNlqlBJ6fUGMjcFPn9+kp3g58WgUYJCCGO+BHEZAAGgGUl8TWzBgjELF45du3Ym+52a9/ZALABQIpqiUffv712xYoqFxXDpm+c0xaBRgkJTxnwFhrgMgFIQfxIfF3fA03PN3r1LePwxGmIBgIrQFI16/foMCZG//wYeT6hDo8SBpoz5CgxxGQClIP4kXvgGsQCg2kCjoFHaBsY8xjwADCTx/BvEAoBqA42CRmkbGPMY8wAw+EniCwp8Hj50zsjwkC7cunV+TMw+3qcuxAIADQIJDTRK2xDCmBd9EMeYBxqBupP4nBwvK6tJrVsbjBrVu3v3tkOGmMbGHmAfSb8bRdq4J7LV0ObPH/X112O4f+3s5i5cOJZ3pYBYAFAT1JbQtGvXjHtaNrOff55D6iTzFnpRGjRKUPCbxPMYxDHmAZBB3Um8peW4jz9+j3tc1JYt842NjVhcLG/+v3jhKv2itUrN0dFy6tQP5cuRxAMgPtScxLP3VjLr1at9/fp1kMQDNcNvEs9jEMeYB0AGtSbxiYnHa9euFRa2gyspKvLt0KH5rl2L2Pw/duy7CRP66+k1njZtMPcoZSqPjz9EC/n5ZxcvnmBo+K6pqfGdO47s08ePj3zyyQB9fd3mzZvu27eUAqqRURNd3QZdu7b29V0vvfcKknhr6+nUjGbNmnh5/ZeV0B6HDDFt2rQRSQlrSWzsATOz9oGBG7t0ac29fBFiAQC/qDOJnzFj6KRJA9m/v/22a/To3ty7b0gZxozpQxpCheyKAqYYkZE733+/a6dOLc+cWcNWlK/JKn/4YQ8DA905cz7+7LNB7u6ry1O8ceP60acjR5pbWAxXT8ehUUKDxySe3yCuTsOYBxqBWpP4oCBbmv/spQ+cTZnyAUumaZ737NnO23stVSNR4N6uzP0Sd+iQ1dixfdPSTjk4LJw4cQCTD3PzjsOHm/3+u1N6uhvpC2nE2rUzKc6lpLjk5npL76i8JJ6iLO2O5Ia2kJr6v3dM0I62b19AJbRAqlRS+k5pajyF8PBwB5m3ukAsAOALdSbxnp5r6tWr8+qVO/37/fefHTmynEvir1/fcuPGVtIcyq3pI04xhg0zu3Jl8y+/zKOshW1HviYZJeWkTrRlqkypPFM/ecVjOmli8vaQgCROPR2HRgkNHpN4foO4Og1jHmgEak3iT55c1bBhPZmf1Si3Jglg85+dfyJbvXra9OlDZOY/JdA7diyIizsQFrajSZOGtB06lKdPL1/+14NmKV5OnjxIfu/lJfFRUbsaNarPvVa6pPStcrq6DaKj99C+Nmz4ct68USWlIVlHp7b8uxVrbhTL3wEAVAu1nZBmb6GnhIMSEXb2kXJuLonnzMlpMWUkJf8k8QkJh2n54UNnaqrMS1i5mpmZp+vW1WEvmScbOrQne7e8vOIxndy/f6l6ugyNEibq/BFGxvgN4uo0JPFAI1BrEh8Sso2ma0SEo3QhHXAvXz655N+X0x09upwO6GXmPyXWpqbGAwZ0YUYxj474KUzKHKyXN/8XLBgze/bH3L8//zxn0aLxbJmiKeXxo0f3Tkw8Tv8GBNjUr1+H2xFTTArJ9erVgVgAICjUeSaeknhb29kjR5pfvGjLRIZL4mNi9n3zzfiJEwe8914HLonnFINSedIx9sJ5+ZoXLmxq2rQRtyMuiZdXvJLyLztWqUGjBAWPZ+L5DeIY8wDIoNYkPiPDg+bwtm1fcSXZ2Z50OM7uFZOe/9bW0y0tx8nM/w4dmu/e/Y30BsPDHejT0NB/nQkrb/7/9NNMTlNKSn8NX7fOgvv3+fOTlMTPmDGUbVZHp3ZS0gnp1ZHEAyBA1JzEx8UdIHGgrIWpFpfEd+nSevv2BbTg7Lys4iRevmZKikutWu+wy2OKinwpuWdJvLzilSCJB7wm8fwGcYx5AGRQ99NpKJOmGPb06dsT3hLJua++Gk2JNXsPOc3/FSumFBf7paWd6tu3E3fzKDf/16z5olev9k+eHKXlN2/OUEQsLDxHa02bNjg11ZWWk5N/pY/c3FZ37dqatiOz66AgW4qUTCyoJq3o57eelmmD7FJ4R0dLJhy0qR49jK2sJuXkeNG/7BJYJPEACBA1J/G00Lu3CfesSZbEk5S9+27DixdtSSvmzh3Zp49JSTlJfJk1yWhhypQPKAGaMWNoq1b6hw5Zlal4JUjiAd9Pp+ExiGPMAyCDupN4mvM0jfX0Gg8c2K1FC73Ro3tzJ7xpJlNU6969LX1KyTRLoKXnP815qkBxkSSjbVtD9uPy3bu7abZTTDUyarJx439KSq9oNzfvaGLS8tIlO5m9f/vtp5THm5oa16lTe86cj5lGuLuvpj2ambWntbib7u/f30v/Ujmp1YQJ/UuQxAMgSNSfxN+4sZW7hYY7E0/io6vbwNjYaOdOS0rTt2yZX96ZePmaVEhbHj++30cf9fLy+m+/fp1dXVeVp3hI4gG/STy/QRxjHgBpeHtja0zMPplnvGRkeJA6UJxLT3fjCumAniY896SqktI3TcjfXZqS4iJz09jz5yfZuQEZo51ScKXNShdSNl/mHaupqa6cDEEsABAgQnh7Jact7KkdlIKwfL0aNUmIdHRqR0Xtqljx1GzQKEEhhDHPYxDHmAeAg58kXhG7f3/vihVTLCyGjx/fj682CFAstm7dGhMTU7MvnX8CAwNdXV35bgUQA0JIaGpuCxaMWbhw7Nq1M9mlBby3BxolZI3SlDGv0UEcSTzQCISbxL9+fcbTc42//wYej8UFKBbdunXz8fGp9vddw9WVxdq1a2fNmqVIzXv37tWrV0/V7QGai6YkNBVbXNwBkru9e5fweP0ANEoaIWuUpox5jQ7iSOKBRiDcJF57TJ0BMj09PT8/v9qrK4uKA6Sjo+PUqVPZskQiefHihbraBTQPaBQ0ShUIWaMw5oU25gHgCyTx/FtVA+SxY8cmTJigp6c3bdq07OxsKrSxsdm0aROrYG9v/+OPP/7z9Z17//33qebXX3/NSsaNG3fp0qWS0iC0cuXKXbt2tWvXbtSoUY8fP2YV4uPjhwwZ0rRpUwpRbOOEtbV1hw4dmjVr5uXlVV4JR2xsrJmZWWBgYJcuXU6fPk3xePHixYaGhqampnfu3GF1uACZkpLy5ZdfduzYsUePHsePH6eS27dvGxkZ6erqdu3a1dfXl22NrVVQUEBtbt26datWraysrPLy8rjdRUZGUk87dep05swZxZ0JRAA0ChpVomUahTEvtDEPAF8IK4kvKPB5+NA5I8OD9wksWLGgANmzZ09vb++goCAKUc7OzlS4ZMmSb7/9llVYvXr1/PnzaaG4uLhz586XL1+mEPXXX39xq7OTZBSiWrRoMWfOnOjo6BEjRmzYsIFVGDt27Pbt29PT02mBIjGVUOyhHVGwpMLU1NQyS6S5d+9e7dq1J02aFB4enpmZeejQIdpUWlqag4PDxIkTWR3pAOnu7k7V3NzcjI2NqYRaS59SIKePcnNzpX+qpiSgV69etHcq7N+/P8sD2O6GDRt25cqVX375hcKw4s4EIgAaBY3SNo3CmBfamAeAL4SSxOfkeFlZTWrd2mDUqN7du7cdMsQ0NvYA79NYgGJBEY4iClumWDh9+vSScgIk0aVLl+XLl79580Z6dS5AfvDBB0VFRSWlgWfy5Mm0kJWVpaurSyEzLi6OQua8efOoMCoqqlGjRmfPnuU2Il8iDUUsHR0d7vdlipQ7duygDYaFhTVp0kQikZSU9VM1Bdp33nmHrUVxjrWn5N/Xm5qYmGzZsoUtOzk5tWrVquSfAJmQkEDLDx8+fOfty+0LFPcn0HSgUdAobdMojHmhjXkA+EIoSbyl5biPP34vK+t/z6vasmW+sbERe52Kcm3o0J4nT67iXSCqLRbS15sePXq0Z8+eJeUHyMjISKrfpk2bwMBAmdWlQxRFHRaQAgIC6tevP+AfLCwsWAWKRhQRR48enZiYWF4Jh8xtXhRxTU1NuW2y38S5vefl5a1fv/7TTz8dN24cxbbnz5+XlB8g69atGxQUxJZv3rzJYqF0BQqTpU/j5v+CWqA2oFHQqBIt0yiMeaGNeQD4QhBJfGLi8dq1a3EvWiopffd4hw7Nd+1aRMvjxvXz9FwzYUJ/Pb3G06YN5h43e+rUDyYmLVu00NuxYwErcXS0XLlyqrX1dH19Xfo3MHDjmDF9mjVrMnp075iYt2+aWLfOon79Oq1a6Xft2rqw8FxBgQ/Vb93agEqsrCbl5b19YHNs7AEzs/a0bpcurbkXzglHLKQDpLW1taWlZUlpgFy6dCkrXLRoERcgicLCQoo3jRs3zsnJKaksQIaHh+vo6CQlJcnvl0IXhcMZM2ZUUMKQCZAdOnTYvXu3TB1u72vWrBk8eLBEInn58mWlAZIiPQVmtnzkyBEDAwOZCkjitRBoFDSKoT0ahTEvtDEPAF8IIokPCrIlsWBvP+FsypQPFi4cW1L6EriePdt5e6+laqQgzs7LqDA93c3AQDc6eg+pAEkDO1Wwdu1MQ8N3V6+e9uDBfvr3+vUtN25szc31trAY/v33n5WUvlrlvfc67N27JCXFhf7dtOk/vXq1j4zcee+eU//+nX/8cXpJ6ZtZqTGTJg0MD3eQeZOFEMSCItyKFSuKi4vT0tL69u17+jS18O2NYsOGDaNY6OLi0qhRIxYgKU78/vvvtEABjwLkq1evSioLkLSFHj16WFlZsWjKVnny5Am7qNTR0ZFVky+RRiZAUgjs1asXrULLb968YdGL2/vcuXMpxhcVFbm6ulJsi4+Pp0I3N7euXbtSH2W2RnkAheTMUiZMmEDrliCJ13qgUdAobdMojHmhjXkA+EIQSfzJk6saNqwnkfxLLObPH0V6wcTC3X01KyQhmD59CC24uKyk4/i4uANkAwd2CwiwYWIxcqS5/PadnBYPH27Glvv168z9bGdi0pK985zVoeN+JhY6OrXV+YrEqgZICgzdu3fX09Oj4MQiGYWfLl26UBScPn36d999xwIkhbe2bduamJjQRxRBudUrCJDE/fv3zc3NaeO0FgUhKnF3d6d/zczMqDwsLKzMEmlkAiQFRWowlfTs2ZPaI/NT9a1bt1q2bGlkZLRo0aJRo0a9//77JaWXvdKWqeWXLl2S3lp6evr48eMNSqHK7JQYkngtBxoFjdI2jcKYF9qYB4AvBJHEh4RsI12LiHCULhw3rt/y5ZOZWPj4/MQKjx5dTkf/TEpattQfMKALs8OH/4+JxaxZH3FbiInZ98034ydOHEBH+WWKRd26OkFBtmz55s1tpdcv+pBY1KtXR21KUVWxyMjIkEgkFAMoWsh/JF8/LS2N3adVJVJTU1noZRQXF8s8CFm+pGJoa+XVp+ZlZmayBXZejUHxj93TJgN1k9UHoAQaBY0qRas0CmNeaGMeAL4QRBKfkeGhq9tg27avuJLsbM8mTRqeOvWDjFhYW0+3tBxHC6tWfT5smJnMdmTEokuX1tu3v70sz9l5mbRYuLisZMtt2hjSgT5bPnJkuYHB2yv2IBYAaBDQKGiUtoExjzEPAEMQSTzZTz/NpLn99OlxWpZIzn311Wg6smfvaiaxWLFiSnGxX1raqb59O7GbWiIjd+ro1L5wYRMt00fsIjlpsaCNvPtuw4sXbV+9cp87d2SfPiasfOrUD9es+YItL1kycfTo3rQu2YQJ/akaxAIAzQIaBY3SNjDmMeYBYAgliae5TXNYT6/xwIHdWrTQozmclHSCfURi8fnnH3bv3pY+nTx5UE6OFyunY/SmTRuZmLSkA/d9+5aWyB3xb9z4H13dBsbGRjt3WpJwsMvszp+3ad68KR33l5TehTN+fD860CcbNar38+cnIRYAaBbQKGiUtoExjzEPAEMoSTyzggKfmJh9Mvees5/t8vPP0tyWqU/H+snJv7ITA2UabYrdXJ+VdZq2wO0lLe0UVycjw0M9d7tDLABQOtAoaJS2gTGPMQ8AQ1hJfJkmfe2dKA1iAUC1gUZBo7QNjHmMeQAYGpDEBwf//OzZr7w3A2IBgACBRkGjtA2MeYx5ABgakMSL3iAWAFQbaBQ0StvAmMeYB4CBJJ5/g1gAUG2gUdAobQNjHmMeAAaSeP4NYgFAtYFGQaO0DYx5jHkAGEji+TeIBQDVBhoFjdI2MOYx5gFgVJLE+/quo6GsWWZhMZz3NlTJyMnq+bIBEB/QKGiUtoExjzEPAKOSJF4TeecdEXYKACAaoFFA28CYB0AViHBeQSwAAEIGGgW0DYx5AFSBCOcVxAIAIGSgUUDbwJgHQBWIcF5BLAAAQgYaBbQNjHkAVIEI5xXEAgAgZKBRQNvAmAdAFYhwXkEsAABCBhoFtA2MeQBUgQjnFcQCACBkoFFA28CYB0AViHBeQSwAAEIGGgW0DYx5AFSBCOcVxAIAIGSgUUDbwJgHQBWIcF5BLAAAQgYaBbQNjHkAVIEI5xXEAgAgZKBRQNvAmAdAFYhwXkEsAABCBhoFtA2MeQBUgQjnFcQCACBkoFFA28CYB0AViHBeQSwAAEIGGgW0DYx5AFSBCOcVxAIAIGSgUUDbwJgHQBWIcF6JQyyysrJWrlyZk5MjU75169aYmBhemgQAUArQKKBtYMwDoArEMK9kkBGLbt26+fj48NWYavPs2TPqyKtXr2TKNbQ7AAAOaBTQNjDmAVAF4k/i09PT8/Pz+WqMNI6OjlOnTlWwMsQCALECjQLaBsY8AKpA/En8uHHjLl26RAuJiYlTpkwxMDBo3779mzdvZNYqKChYuXJl69atW7VqZWVllZeXR4WxsbFmZma0Ov1t0aKFg4MDqxwfHz9kyJCmTZvS5M/OzuZqBgYGdunS5fTp0ykpKV9++WXHjh179Ohx/PhxqnD79m0jIyNdXd2uXbv6+vqWuRHi5MmTHTp0aNeu3caNG8sTi2PHjk2YMEFPT2/atGm0oouLy6effspVWLBggbe3t/LcCQBQMtAoaJS2gTGPMQ9UgfiTeO4Q2draeunSpRKJhGYp/ZVZa9OmTb169YqMjLx3717//v1//PFHKqTl2rVrz5w5MyIigpSCltPS0qh87Nix27dvT09PpwWaulzNSZMmhYeHZ2Zmkli4u7vTgpubm7GxMVXIz89fu3YtKRd9lJubW+ZGXr582ahRI09PT9IyqlyeWPTs2ZPkICgoiGTF2dk5OTlZR0eH1Io+ffHiRZMmTTIyMlTjWgCAEoBGQaO0DYx5jHmgCrQoiV+zZk2/fv1IKcpcy8TEZMuWLWzZycmJjvtLSiWgbt26BQUFXB0PD4+srCw6cI+Ojo6Li9uwYcO8efNYTZqxNFdlNpuamkrtYeW//PLL5MmTWXmZGzl9+vT777/PKlTwsx3JEFtevXr19OnTaWH06NHr16+nBVK0WbNmVdFhAAC1Ao2qosOAxoMxX0WHAaAQWpTE0/E3HbvXqVNn3bp1hYWFMmuRKNAxNFu+efMmbYQ0giSgXr16XJ3x48fTxA4ICKhfv/6Af7CwsCgpFQvpmnl5eTR7P/30UzrEp009f/685N9iUeZGFi9evHDhQlZBkWvvjh49Skf/tHD8+PGuXbvSgrm5eXBwcPV9BwBQPdCo6vsOaCYY89X3HQDlo0VJPCMkJKRZs2aenp4ya7Vp04YO9NnykSNHDAwMSuQkoFOnThcvXgwPD6eD+6SkJOnVZWquWbNm8ODBEonk5cuXZYpFmRshJSI9YsuKiIW1tbWlpWVJ6fmDRo0aHTx4sH379sXFxZX7CADAH9Coyn0ExAXGfOU+AqDqaFEST/OZ3Q5P09jFxUVmrSVLlowePTqzlAkTJsydO7fknyvqSF9oOTQ0tGHDhrm5uYWFhT169LCysmIPi2XzWUYsaHWaxkVFRa6urtQe9luhm5sbHZezyVzmRmhH+vr6v/32W0ZGxpw5c8oTixUrVtBG0tLS+vbte/r0aVZuYWFBerFu3TpluREAoCKgUUDbwJgHQBVoURI/e/ZsQ0NDU1NT0gLucjqO9PR0Oto2KGXUqFHsGJ0koE6dOjQPzczMGjRowJ0SuH//vrm5uZ6eXpcuXWhrJXJicevWrZYtWxoZGS1atIi2xq6oo+NyWsvExITdlS+/EVKQTz75pFatWs2bNz969Gh5YkFK1L17d1px8uTJ3Fsn/P39acWEhASl+REAoBqgUUDbwJgHQBWIP4mXho7X6YC+gnXpUFu6AicBL1++ZA+3kiY1NVX+zW0cEomEbYoWpOc8yVBRUVEFG6FDefmb9KVbSJ/m5+eTukmXe3h4jBgxooKuAQAEAjQKaBsY8wCoAu1K4quKzHG8kBk0aNCJEyf4bgUAoHKgUUDbwJgHQBUgia8IOmTXiNewFRQUeHt7V3D6AQAgHKBRQNvAmAdAFSCJBwAAtQKNAtoGxjwAqkCE8wpiAQAQMtAooG1gzAOgCkQ4ryAWAAAhA40C2gbGPACqQITzCmIBABAy0CigbWDMA6AKRDivIBYAACEDjQLaBsY8AKpAhPMKYgEAEDLQKKBtYMwDoApEOK8gFgAAIQONAtoGxjwAqkCE8wpiAQAQMtAooG1gzAOgCkQ4ryAWAAAhA40C2gbGPACqQITzCmIBABAy0CigbWDMA6AKRDivIBYAACEDjQLaBsY8AKpAhPMKYgEAEDLQKKBtYMwDoApEOK8gFgAAIQONAtoGxjwAqkCE8wpiAQAQMtAooG1gzAOgCkQ4ryAWAAAhA40C2gbGPACqQITzCmIBABAy0CigbWDMA6AKRDivIBYAACEDjQLaBsY8AKpAhPMKYgEAEDLQKKBtYMwDoApEOK8gFgAAIQONAtoGxjwAqkCE8wpiAQAQMtAooG1gzAOgCkQ4ryAWAAAhA40C2gbGPACqQITzCmIBABAy0CigbWDMA6AKRDivIBYAACEDjQLaBsY8AKpAhPMKYgEAEDLQKKBtYMwDoApEOK8gFgAAIQONAtoGxjwAqkCF8yqvuPjuy5de8fGH7t7dcfPmz8HBmwID1/v5rTt3TqU23MJCpdunLlBHqDvUKeoadZC6SZ1VnSeBqsmRSJ5kZ//24kXw3397xcWdvH//cFTU3vBwh5s3t169ahccbBsURF+6TUDABn//db6+B2NjaYH+pULbCxeoAlWjyk7h4bQirU4boU3RBmmztHG++wfKBhoFgHpAEg+kKSzKf/A0+mLk2dNXjhz2ddzj8ctOV9vtJ2zsj2/QaKMuUEeoO9Qp6hp1kLpJnVWdJ5U/r7IkkuCkpN1hYZTi/HLt2r4//jj65IlbWpp3bq5PQYFvcbF/SYlGG3WBOkLdoU5R16iD1E3qLHWZOp6FjE3YFBYX/5WVdTM5mfLsg5GR265d23j+PH19dpcvb799e3dU1IHY2MMJCccSE11SUk6lp3tmZdF3fTYvj770cxKJb1GRX0mJ88OHtED/vh0JeXlUgapRZVqFVqTVaSO0KdogbZY2TrugHdHuaKchycnUgEJkVPwBjeL7GwBaB5J4QLzJzwp9cPlEoJODy8b93tvcrjn7RBwPinG//pfPzSe+oUkBYc/Oa7RRF6gj1B3qFHWNOkjdpM5Sl6nj1H2lu1SZ8yq9sNDlwYONgYHbQ0NPJCVRFOE9mKnNqLPUZeo4dZ+cQK5QomNBTaBk+XF29qW//z5+75799esb/P03X7niEBGx/8EDSrg9Xr06V1io6uFBu6Ad0e5op7RragA1gxpDTaKGUfOQ0asHaBQ0CvACkngtJzM33eeW607XTYf9HfyiXG7+7ct7wq02o85Sl6nj1H1yArlCiY5Vzrx6U1TkGR+/6cKFPXfveufl8R6ueDTqPjmBXEEOIbcoxb2gGvyVleWfkOAUFmZz/rzd5cu7fvvtcEKC+6tXfsI4z0rNoMZQk6hhb8/Wnz9PTfX7809qNt+eEyfQKGgU4BEk8VpLbmFO0B2vnadsXYL3hjw5x3tKzaNR98kJ5ApyCLlFKe6t6bwqpnTk8WPbixcdIyI8s7N5j08CMXIFOYTcQs7BSVa1kV9UdPvZs8NRUW+vU790aU909K/JyT6qP9Fec6NGUlOd7t2jZlPjD//22+3k5HwkWMoAGlWmQaOAOkESr4UUlxRfjfbf7WZ3NHDnlXhv3nNogRi5ghxCbiHnFJfUVH1rNK9yiooO3L279cYN91eveI9JAjRyCzmHXJSDbEyVFJTm7gcjIzeeP7/99u2jT5545eTw/u1X26jx1AX727epO9QpyuYLMH6qCzSqYoNGAfWAJF7byJPkul0+5HzWPjjWk/e8WYBGbiHnkIvIUTXxc/XnVXJe3rYbNxzv3BHBfWCqM3IOucj+xg1yV02+J1Amf2Vmnrh37+0lzqW5u8gucabu/C+bDwykblJn+fa3hgGNUsSgUUANIInXKlKzUg747DgWuEsE96qqzsg55KKDZ7eTu6rt6mrOq98zMmyDgg4+esR7BFKRLXZy2h4aqqytkaM2+Pk9ylHOJVCgsKjoamLijpAQ24sXD8TFnc3P533AqNSog9RN6uyOGzeo44U4aaoA6tQoOtxyfvjQIyNDunD+1q37YmJ4HzwKGjQKqBQk8dpD3LP7u9zsTt86rNIMOOTJudMhB0Vwgyw5avuvNonp8dXzdnXmFQn9unPnXJ49U1b8aNauXf3Gjc+8ecOVzPn5Z5rz22/f5iuk9Rw69NsDB5S4wRPJyeS0e69eVe97AoyCoqKAhISfg4J2hIa6pKT48Zf0qN+osydTUraHhVH3yQm4xqYClK5R5ZlXTs4kKyuD1q17jxrVtnt30yFDDsTGso/adOv2k4+P/CqkbPv++IP34SRv0CigOpDEawmUjNof3xAQfVKlie/85TM7dDHu80Ev3SaNKQPmPRGvofnfPUlOi0v+vRoOr/K8SsrNtQ0KOpyQoMTgwZL4H06d4kra9+pVp359MSXxZJRSkOvIgdX4ngDlrIEJCeRAh4gIz6wsvgaGEIy6T04gVwQilS8LVWhUeTbO0vK9jz8+/c+AnL9li5GxMTsfUV4S7/rixTmJRPFdWDo6fjh1qnqGFjQKqAgk8drAi8zk3W52XqFHVZrynrq6v4n+u1f/fHun7M1Ev2t/iuGWWf9oV3IdObCqPq/avHotkWy9evXwn38qN3JQEj90xoyBkyaxf3f99lvv0aPfNTRkSfzGwMA+Y8Y0adaMCtnP0wdiY9ubme2MjOz6/vstO3Vac+YMW1G+Jqvc48MPdQ0MPp4zZ9Bnn612d/cvvT5hwuLFtAtjU1PHO3dYzUPx8VzNzv36KT2Jf7uLP//ceu3aa7xspYpEPH++OTjYITz8dGamerIZ4Ru5ghxCbiHn8P39CAgVaVSZdjwxsVbt2jvCwrgS36Ki5h06LNq1y780if/u2LH+EyY01tMbPG0a92AcKiep8S9HhY48fjzgk0909fWbNm++dN8+0sAmRkYNdHVbd+263tdXDZ2CRgFVgCRe9OQWvNnvtc3rtmozeLKTl/fWqlXraICjdGHIk3NT506k5L5j13bHAnexwkEj+tkfXz/ms+H6hk1nLJjMCs9Fnhg+/sMmerot2zbnDgC2Hl1HKzZ+t1H/Ib09/7kQiFb/2flHKqEtqCGP97p9xNnbntxYJbdXYV4Vl5TsCQ/fHR2t9LBBSfwaT8869eqxJ0h89v33y48c4ZL4Ldevb71xwzs3d7iFBX1EJU737lHsNBs2bPOVK/N++YVCINuOfE0y85Ejx3z9NW2ZKlOCvszZmQqtDh3qO3bsqbS0hQ4OAyZOZDXpAGDikiWUG9mcP09BlNVUuu2+e9cpIgKnTxXkeU7O/ogIu8uX3dLT1ZDBaJyRW8g55KLnuJpZlRpVptkGBZEQybws7IMpU8YuXOhfmqy369lzrbc3VaPMntMT7nIaeRWiY4CO5uZmw4c7/f47fbN0kECJ/sy1a/uNG+eSkkLKpp5+QaOA0kESL26KS4pPBO51CXZSz3nrMVM+qle/7ncbF4Um/+/G2TXb/2/gR32DYtyX21gOHjmAFbbr1KZ5a6PVW76ljL9uvbqnru6nwjnLvpg275NbT/3O3D5Mf8NKT+3TpzZ7Vl247zZ9/qftO7dl5bR663Ytfzm0NuCeq3r6RQ50ubC3Ss+drMK88o6P3x4aqoqrkCmJp6BF0YuiGjuVRTk3l8RzttjJicKb/z9JPPu53PnhQ1IHmceScDUpI9epW/fI48esnLtIZuCkSQt27DgQF7cjLKxhkybnJBIKkPUaNjz65IlMTaUbOZDc6P3oUdWnidZxNTFx04UL9DVpydNFTiQlzbWzGzl37rabNxVfi5xDLiJHkbv4/sZ4RnUaVaatOnmSREPm2phR8+dTHu9fmsSz3/3Ipq1ePWT6dLbMJfHyKuR45w59Skdl0huc98svgyZPVuc4hEYBpYMkXtxcjDx72M9BPZkusyVr5tWpW2fExMHsbPrQMQP/b8PC0zcPHQlwbKzbiMvCrdYtYPU79+hIaTotzLOa0f29zpTBc5uitL67eRe2fP73UzRWnc9uY6vTAYA6O0VGbgy6c1Zxzys6r7IKCylLOK2aa5FZEj/b1tZ85EjbixdZxOKS+H0xMeO/+WbAxIkd3nuPS+Lr1KvH1qVUnjzOnk8iX5Pa3KhpU25HXGreQFfX2NS0y4ABzCjLp8DZWE9PvqYqzDM7mxqWhdeel0++RGLQsmXdBg1cU1M5v/F+u7O0UTOoMXTMqcRtDps5c8qKFQ7h4ZTYVXXdM2/e0Bg+Hh2dr60XQqhUo8q0bSEhNAYcIyKkC/uNGzd5+XL/f18Tv/zo0XY9e7JlLomXV6G13t61ateWOeOu/iTeHxoFlA2SeBHzOi9756mfrzzyUnO+S/m6QTP9/yz+nJYbNmrQsWu7Hr27Mjsbfoxl4duOrWeVKU1nSfylOM/Rk4fr6NT++vsvbya+zfXHTPlo0pdjuc0atTDY6PSDzOpqsyvxXuTM13mKvrtd0Xnl+scfe+7eVVHAYEk8JS61dXQoBLI7XLkkvnWXLgu2b6eFZc7OFSfx8jVdUlLeqVWL/vqX/lRNyT1LzZt36PDN7t3SbaADAKrJXXJtOmSI6pJ4st3R0eTS6k4ZkZOWl7ft2jX9li3rN2okqNudpa3SJJ5yMmptlR5dr6uvTxl8tZt0TiLZGRlJrkvTygd+q1SjyjSPjAxKxL/ato0rody3YZMmbNBKJ/HTra3HWVqyZS6Jl1ch+vbfHqb+++G2vCTx/tAooFSQxIsY31tuLsF71ZzsMluwYlb39zrTQqu2zVf8vFjm0zKTeGYHfOz1DJtuPvhfWrawnNL3g16snFL8WrVq7fGw4yuJDyu9qMb31ikFna/QvHqWm7sxMPBsXp6KogVL4mnBpHdv7lmTLImnvKThu+/aXrzo/urVyLlzTfr08S8niS+z5ttt9unzwZQpFE2Hzpih36qV1aFDVPjFmjWUEbKLZ2h37BiAPv3a3p6yLqpDzVDRNfHMvPPyNp4//wxPgZAjNTfXLjiYvlaB3O5MR5X0qfnIkcMtLKS/Qekk3tLRcerKlYt27aI29x41il2+RQOPKrTu2nXi0qX+pbdN05Fho6ZNP5w6ld3jyBpMzaODzx9Pn6YV6TCyefv27LqLWTY2nfr2pSOZMQsW+P1zNdF6X186EKXB2aJjx0Ol927Kb5ZcRw5M1bKhpWqNKs9m/vQTfX3Hnz71Lz2IGv3VV+169mSjgpL4KStW0Hd3Ki2Nvkr6itkqXBIvr0LnCgtprcHTprmmptLyr8nJ9NFqNzcaRX5qv6IMGgWUCJJ4sfIi65mjq+2Nx+fUluO6XXN2ufT24vvbSf6DR70/atKwsNKLZDp17+ATcZyWr/3pHfLkXHlJ/MnLe9mn7w0wZSX7zmxp0LD+qav7Q5MD6EhA37DplXgvHpN4ap7jyU3kWEX8r9C8OhQV5fzPw49VYVwSv/XGjbVnz7JCLl37z8aNDXR1jYyNLXfupDR9/pYt5Z2Jl69JhbTlfuPH9/roo/96eXXu12+VqysLmZTo00Yo4hq2bcuyrqX79unUrUsZ0iQrK1WfiScjl5JjazZ9xMbL/HyWwfsL5nZnSqpampjQIQH7PYcz6SR+5tq1ei1a0PHAnujo90aM+HLDBip0jIigCscTE9k7gGjLC7Zvd0tPp4Xvjh3jGkxHKeypO7Tfug0a2AYFsVt4V508SWm664sXTYyMWJf33r9fW0dnurU1NZtyd3asK79ZsoPx8evOncvWputqVK1R5Rkl7pSLN9bT6zZwII0BOlA8kZTEjRwSmbbdu9OngyZP9srJYeVcEl+mCu2+e5dSdlIh+t5J0KjkdFZWR3NzGoR2ly6puXfQKKAskMSLFbfLhz1CDqozx92we2WdunVatW3etkOroWMGcon7hC9GUXnHru2atzKq4HKa8dM+Zg+x+XDkAO5dUYt/nFe/QT3aJq275/RmVshXEk9GLiXHKuL/yucV5VU2589X6cHGSjdKcdgjICieVfx6zgpqUj5EOdCuqCiuhMIqFUrXoRK1XVNLLiXHkntrPIlEQn5REaWe3Cs2hXC7s39pKrZ0/375r08mie/+wQds+T+bNrGLH9jhJWsDDSo6vKQUnzZOKf6oefNYg2lASo/Aeg0b7oyMlNkRHRVQy/1Lb45s0qyZ9BnZMjfL7EBsrN3Fi7nakcfzrlH0Le+LiZF5/ikdvFGTSIWkH6xEh2qUtXOPm/QvS4X8S68DlBm9J58/V+4NGIoYNAooCyTxoiQz55XjyU23nvqrOce9mejnceOg/BPiryWcDfz9VKWrX//L51Kcp+w2//ZV9TuqFDdyKTmW3FvpV1D5vPJNSNgtlfhqnI1ZsGDswoWUZrHfqXlvj7TREQW5VxlTSQzsv3Nn85UrnHOEcLuzf/mv7JFJ4j+aNYuVz9+yRT6JtwkIqFO/PrdldmWOdIOZSSfxq93dh86YMeCTT5oYGS3es4dKhn/5pcy10WVulrM9d+8637nD97eqDjRCo/bevz9lxQr6jvqNH897YxQ3aBRQCkjiRcmVu/4nLu7hPeUVpf16cc+Vt2GtEiqfV/bXr5/S5Ed0H4iLW+PpuWTvXvX/GF2puaWl2d+4oYyppPGcT0jYFhIifZpZCLc7+yspiXcID6decBdaMKsgid/12291GzRgP0r0HjWKJfFTV64kn0jXL3OznJEzyaXntSAD0wiNOvP6NQnRBn9/9Z9Qr4lBo4BSQBIvSg767Lj4hwfv+a4oLSjG/aCPQ6VfQSXzKruw0CYgQEue0q1+I8eSe7O1/jlub0ofDih9jYG/YG53rnYST0kbJeK7S5+Xcq6w0LhHj0lWVuzCaHaVfwVJPKV61Crv3Ny99+/TQcjczZup8O1DxGvVWrp/P3WKtnA6K6vMzUobe1DgG1EPMGiUSg0aBZQCknjxkZOf7eCyMTQpgPd8V5RGjiX3kpMr/hYqmVe3nz2Ted4ZTLlG7g1NSVHetNJIPB48kH84oEBud652Eu9fejMuNZg+9S+9mqKjuXljPT1KyvtPmOBfYRLvU1DQ/YMPqHLn/v1n/Pe/TYyMWPnSffvqN2rUtHlz2iwrkd+sjJFjyb18f8MqBBqlaoNGgZqDJF58RP0ZethfrS940jY77Odw98/Qir+FSuaVx8OH1XjvTKVGOYrzw4fsqR2czd+6lXsCoPYYuZecrLxppXnkSiQbAwN9KrxfuUxT2+3ONTH3V6+k393jmprKPaWkUuNuiDyVlsYVvn3y4LNnMjUr2Cw5ltwr4jtcVaRRMM7Ive6iPg4EagBJvPgICPM8HXKI90xXxOZ583BA6OmKv4VK5tX+O3fKu+K2ekapxiQrK4PWrXuPGtW2e3fTIUMO/PNguPJOeXJPZKuhjZo/f8zXX3P/zrWzG7twIe8Bkty7TzvuPiyP8JQU+1u31Ox2Id/urHQj94aL90yq0jWqPGvWrh13WRczQb1CWHUGjQI1B0m8+HANOuAX5cJ7pitiI/eSkyv+FiqZV1uvXvVU6iMXx1lavvfxx9xjHOdv2WJkbMziYnlJvOuLF1V6eJylo+OHU6fKlwsziSdXkJOlfX737t2vvvpq8+bNNZ1hGsKRqCjuaY9qMyHf7qx0I/ceEe/TvpWuUeUZS+IF+wph1Rk0CtQcJPHiw9nL/vKjM7xnuiK2K4+89nttq/hbqGRe2QYFeSvvJYjHExNr1a69IyyMK2HP/160a5d/aRL/3bFj/SdMaKynN3jaNO42Ryo/FB/vX84LNSlBGfDJJ7r6+k2bN1+6bx8F1CZGRg10dVt37bre11d67xUk8dOtrakZTZo1+6+XFyup9P2ayvIJuZecTK6WSCSnT58eOnRomzZt7OzscnJylDbVhM3269fl78iEKdHIveRkvr9nVaFcjarABP4KYdUZNArUHCTx4mO3m506X9SqhUbuJSdX/C1UMq9sAgKU+AoVigSUxLOrkzn7YMoUlkxTst6uZ8+13t5UjVJq9hJNf6nLaeRfqEnHAB3Nzc2GD3f6/Xe39HQ6SKCwN3PtWopzLikp0tci+5efxFOUpd1Rpk5bcE1NZZ9W+n5NZfmE3EshmSIixUWKjhQjJeK9fLlM3iZh//6mYMo1ci9LwkSJcjWqAhP4K4RVZ9AoUHOQxIsPB5eNt5768Z7pitjIveTkir+FSubVun+fzK6hrTp5sl7DhjIRl3JryuNZcGLnn/xLX045ZPp0tswl8fIv1Hz70L133rG7fFl6gxQvZd6Jw+2ozCR+V1RU/UaNuOef+Cv8fk1lmU7duu9oMcO//NJPLbmI1ppf6Yui+P6eVYXaTkgL/BXCKjUt16gyqVWrFv1t1KjR48ePlZcXiZZ3kMSLDvvjG3hPc0Vv5OSKvwW1nonfFhJCM9kxIkK6sN+4cZOXL/f/9zXxy48ebdezJ1t+558kXv6Fmmu9vSlMypzHLS+JH7NgwcezZ3P/zvn55/GLFnHRlPL43qNHH09M9Ff4/ZpKMXaWa/Pmzewsl4eHR6GWPZIZZ+JVbTgTrxQT+CuEVWfQqAqgDJ7yeGTzlYIkXnzgTLyqTQln4pV7valHRgaFpa+2beNKPLOzGzZpwu4Vkw5O062tx1lasmUuiZd/oaZDeDh9KvOU6PKS+Jk//cQdGPiX/hpusW4d9+/J588piR86Y4a/wu/XVIrJXG86bNiwtm3batX1prgmXtWGa+KVYgJ/hbDqDBqlCFw2z3dDBAo8Iz5wTbyqTQnXxCv9yQ+USVMMO/70qX/pCZ7RX31FiTV7Yw4FpykrVvgVF59KS+vUty938yiXxMu/UPNcYSF7RKBraurb52cnJ9NHq93cWnft6if3BkeKQxQpWcZPNWnF9X5+tEwbZJfCWzo6suxfwfdrKsXw5Adenk6jVYan0yjFBP4KYdUZNEpxcEq+PJDEiw88nUbVpoSn0yj9GcwUwygyNdbT6zZwoF6LFr1Hj+a2T8GJolrb7t3pU0qmuZfXcEl8mS/U3H33LqXsFFObGBn9Z+NGFnI6mpu3NDGRf3rgp99+S3m8salp7Tp1Pp4zhyX6q93daY/tzcxoLe7JOYq8X1Mphmcw8/KceK0yPCdeKSbwVwirzqBRVYKdkkceLwOSePGB58Sr2pTwnHjVvbF1X0yMzDNePDIyKMWnOMe9qNK/9F2VFMO4x036l/NCTZeUFJmbxk4+f85O8MsY7ZSCq/QrMMkomy/zjtUqvV+zeoa3IVb7ja0wRQxvbFWbacQrhKth0KgqgSS+TJDEiw+8sVXVpoQ3tt5+9kzminO12d7796esWDHcwqLf+PE8BjBVG7k3VJBnSUNCQg4ckD0EfPbsmbW1tdL35fHgwZ67d3n/LkRp5FgPUWdgPGqUEk3IrxAWrEYx1KlUCnLt2jVDQ0P6y1cDBAiSePER9WfoYX8H3jNdEdthP4e7f4ZW/C1UMq+yCwttAgJ85a4vV4Odef16jafnBn//Mk+oi8PIseTebMUe9dCtWzcfHx9Fp1eN2bVr16hRo2QK7927V69ePaXv601h4aYLF6R/b4Epxcil5Ng3on6WCI8apUQT7CuEq6RRDBErleI8ePDAwMDg/v37PLZBUCCJFx85+dkOLhtDkwJ4T3ZFaeRYci85ueJvofJ5ZX/jhtu/Lz6BKcvIseReBSdMenp6fn6+gpVrjppD4/mEhG0hIfK3I8OqbeRMcik5VhXfl6CARqnOqqRRDHErleL83//936pVq/htg3BAEi9KDvo4BMW4857vitLIseTeSr+CyueVb0LCbqkLNGFKtF1RUb4K51jjxo27dOkSLSQmJk6ZMsXAwKB9+/Zv3ryRqWZjY7Np0ya2bG9v/+OPP7Jla2vrDh06NGvWzMvLi5WcOnXKxMSkRYsWO3bsYCUFBQWLFi0yNDTs37+/paVleaGRmmFmZkYrOji8HWEuLi6ffvopV2fBggXe3t4Kdkqa/Xfu7I6O5v1LEY3ZXb7sXJX7EePj44cMGdK0adOpU6dmZ789+j9y5MhHH32Um5tbUjrqBg0a9OrVq5LSoejp6TlhwgQ9Pb1p06axyjR4Vq5c2bp161atWllZWeXl5ZU38OR3VGY1xYFGqc6qpFEM0SuVgjx58kRfXz8zM1N1u9AgkMSLkit3/U9c3MN7vitK+/Xinitvw1olVD6vXubn25w/r57XqWiVkUvJsS8VPmXF/UhNQW7p0qUSiYSSIfn3ny9ZsuTbb79ly6tXr54/fz4tREZGUlykhCk9PT01NbWk9GwZBdfo6OiYmBiKNFlZWVR48ODBPn36PHjw4PHjx5RmlRkaa9euPXPmzIiICIqLtJyWlpacnKyjoxMbG0sVXrx40aRJk4yMDAU7JU2uRGIXHHwgNpb3r0YEdvDRo3XnzuUXFSnu/7Fjx27fvp0GBi0cO3aMSgoLCylxp4yclidNmsQyoZLSodizZ09KgIKCgmhcOTs7UyElZL169aKRRoOEUiuWk8kPvDJ3VGY1xYFGqciqqlHc8BC3UinOf/7zn19++UWlu9AUkMSLksycV44nN9166s97yisyI5eSY8m9lX4FCs2rQ1FRzkitlG3k0kNVeXo3FxrXrFnTr18/iotlViszNEZFRTVq1Ojs2bNcNRcXl9GjR8eVMnDgwICAACr84osv7O3tWYXyfqSuW7duQUEB+9fExMTDw4MWaFPr16+nBYqXs2bNUrxTMmRLJJR6HoyP5/3b0Wg7nJBAh0NVyr0oN9LV1aVUicbDhg0b5s2bx8ppmL377rvLli2jvJzLw2gouru7s2UaY9OnT2eDYcuWLazQycmpVatWJWUNvDJ3JF+tqkCjVGFV1ShueIheqRSEmtGyZUt1XlwkWJDEixW3y4c9Qg7ynvWKzMil5FhF/K/QvHqWm7sxMPCsWl6LqCVGziSXPiu9UEFBuNCYmZk5c+bMOnXqrFu3Tv7952WGxpLSvIqiI8WwxMRE+pfKKboM+IfDh98OF0NDw6DSVzOWKHal6fjx4ykPo4Xjx4937dqVFszNzYODgxXvlDypubmUgB7+6y/evyMNNXLd5kuXUqsytAjKjerXr8+NBwsLC+4jGk4UgNkFEgzpOxePHj3as2dPWqCciRs8N2/epFVYCiUz8MrbkUy1qgKNUrpVQ6Nkhoe4lUpBaNcHDx5Uw44EDpJ4sfIi65mjqy1e3apEI2eSS8mxivhf0Xnl+scfeAigEo2cSS6t0lSReeZDSEhIs2bNPD09ZapRaFy6dClbXrRoERcaiefPn1NonDFjBi2vWrVq2LBhMuuampoeOXKELSsSGjt16nTx4sWS0tOrFHcpVrVv3764uLhK/ZInLS9v29WrOyMjcYFElYzcRU4j16X9cz264oSHh+vo6CQlJcmUP3r0qFWrVmPGjJk0aRJXKD0Ura2tLS0taaFNmzaUfrFCGkUGBgZcfemBV96OZKpVA2iUcq0aGsXQHqVShCtXrtBhg3r2JWSQxIsY31tuLsF7ec99RWPkTHKpgs5XdF5llT4E8LRaXm8ueiM3kjOzqvjgPy40Unxiv88OHjzYxcVFppq9vT3FvMLCQvqIwhULjU+ePGEXmDo6Ok6ePLmk9NpTyqUuXLhAyxRg2N1XVlZWY8eOTU9Pj46O7t69e3lXmlJUpuXQ0NCGDRvm/nOizsLCgna3bt26KnWqPPIlkuPR0XaXL595/Zr370sjjBxF7iKn5VfrvU40YHr06EEDICcnh/5lN7BKJJIPPvjg6NGjL1++bNu27b59+1hlGoorVqygYZOWlta3b9/Tp9++jYJyMkq8MkuZMGHC3LlzS8oaeGXuSL5aNYBGKdGqp1Hc8NAepVKEAQMGqPQOWo0ASbyIeZ2XvfPUz1ceefGe/orAyI3kTHKpgs6vwrzyjo/fHhrqx3d00XTzK315inc514lWABcaZ8+ebWhoaGpqSqkSd9EnB0XBLl26NG7cePr06d999x0Lje7u7np6emZmZubm5mFhYazmkSNHmjZtamJi0qZNG5afxcTEGBsb16tXr0+fPhTkygyNtB2KgrSpBg0acGdeCX9//1q1aiUo9YGGVxMTKZM4EBur6U8BV6mRc8hF5Kir1boQheP+/fs0POj7pfFDQ4tK7OzsPvvsM/bp5cuXaVD9UXpqlobi559/TskTVaZMi6XjlFGNHz/eoBQaOc+fPy8pZ+DJ76jMatUAGqUUq7ZGMbRQqSrmzJkzAwcOVNvuhAmSeHFzMfLsYT+8+EkJRm4kZyru+SrMq+KSkj3h4XgIYA1t99275MYa/raam5tb8ZPL5J+6UFxc/OLFC/nC5OTkIqlnmJRZjUMikbAtv3z5Mu/f12x4eHiMGDFCwfYrzvOcnP0REXaXL59KT+f9uxOgkVvIOeSi56WZdM1JTU3NqWxTLEvLz8+nxF3mIxoeMiOzvBEls6OKB56CQKOUYkrRKIb2KFUFULM7d+58/fp1de5UaCCJFzfFJcUnAve6BDvxngRrtJEDf72wt7ikCupbtXn1WiLZevXq4T//5D3MaKgd+vPPrdeuva7WBQ8CZ9CgQSdOnFDRxiOeP98cHOwQHu6Rmcn7lygQO52ZSQ4ht0SUnvNWJ2p+JWeVgEbV0ESsUQyVKlV5HDhwgP3opLUgiRc9uQVv9ntt87p9lPdUWEPN6/YRZ297cmOV3F7leZWUm2sbFOTy7BnvwUbj7HBCArkuqepPexA+BQUF3t7elZ7BrdEuiooCSx3oEBHhqd3XPVP3yQnkCnJIQVWeBK8sgoODnz1T6MZ5XoBGVdtErFEMNShVmeTl5bVo0eL+/ftq3q9wQBKvDbzIfLbbzc4/2pX3hFjjzCv0KLmOHFhVn1dnXt179WrduXMnkpN5DzkaZJRSkNMeqT14iAzKWQMSEn4OCtoeFnYyJUWrrn6mzlKXqePU/QCe0ndNARpVDYNGqZTNmzfPnj2b71bwBpJ4baCwsHDV2u8nfjHK/+5J3tNiDbKA6JP2xzckplfnNqRqzisS+vV+fgfi4ngPPBphBx89sg0K+l3FbwfUHgqLiq4mJu64ccP24kUahD75+bx/xSq1s/n51E3qLHWZOl6I9F0BoFFVMmiUqsnIyNDX1//777/5bgg/IIkXPbdu3TIzMxs7duzvf0buOGHjefMQ78mxRpjnrcO73ezinlXzZ7rqz6tneXn2N2443rmDJ4dUYOScnXfukKOeVf3R3aBS/srMPB4dvTEw0P727aNPnpwVVzbvU1BAnaKuUQepm39VeIMgkAcapYhBo9TGypUrly9fzncr+AFJvIh5+fLlwoULW7Vqxb3JOzXr2cGz249f2B2aFMB7lixYI+ccC9xFjkpV7L1OZVKjeZVTVOQcFbX1xg33V694D0UCNHILOedAVFQOTp2qkoKiotvJyQcjI23On2fZ/Jk3b3j/9qttXjk5/8vdz5+nTlHXcOVMtYFGVWzQKHWSlJSkp6dHGQ/fDeEBJPFi5ddff23RosWyZctknkOVJ8l1u3zQ+ax9cKwn7+myAI3cQs45dfkgOaom/q/pvCouKfF7/Nj24sW3txtmZ/MekwRi5Iq3tx5evEjO0fY39amR/NJs/nBUlG1Q0M/BwXuio08kJ/sUFvI+Hio1aiQ1lRpMzba9cIG6QB3JR16lDKBRZRo0ihfmz5+/adMmvlvBA0jixUdsbOyIESP69OkTERFRZoXikuKr0f673eyOnt91Jd6b97xZIEauIIeQW8g5VXqaZJkoZ169KSo6Ex+/6cKF3Xfveufl8R6feDTqPjmBXEEOeYMkjD8eU7qWkOAUFmZz/rzd5cs7f/vtcEKC+8uXfsK4soKaQY2hJlHD7C5dokZSU6nB1Gy+PSdOoFHQKCHw4MGDZs2a5Yr3+T/lgSReTOTl5a1bt87AwMDR0VFS2eNocwtzgiK9d56ydQl2Cnlyjvccmkej7pMTyBXkEHKLUr4LZc6r9MJClwcPNgYGbg8NPfH0qU9BAe/hSm1GnaUuU8ep++SE9Gq9rhyoguLShP5yYuKJe/fsr1+3CQignN4hImL/gwfHExM9Xr06p/pT9bQL2hHtjnbqUPruqg3+/tQYahI1jJqHU6HqARoFjeKdSZMm7d27l+9WqBsk8aLh4sWLJiYmn3/+eVJSkuJrZeamn7vlutN102E/B7/fXG7+7ct7Sq02o85Sl6nj1H1yArlCiV+H8udVlkQSnJS0OzycsqUt167t++OPo0+euKWleefmUhTxKyriPZjV0HyLi6kj1B3qFHWNOkjdpM5Sl6njWeJ9SYo4KCwupqT5ZnKyd1zcwd9+23bt2sbz51lmb3/79u6oqAOxsYcTEo4lJrqkpJxKT/fMyqLv+mxe3tn8fMrFfYuK/Eqf9kgL9C8V0kdUgapRZVqFVqTVaSO0Kdogy9dpF7Qj2p1XXBztmhpAzeDbE9oLNIrvb0CruXXrVocOHYq07DcQJPEiICUlxcLCon379gEBAdXbwpv8rNAHl08EOjm4bNzntdXtmrNPxPGgGPfrf/ncfOJ7O8mf94S7hhaaFEAdoe5Qp6hr1EHqJnWWukwdp+4r9xspUUUSz5FXXBz98qV3fPyhu3d33Lz5c3DwpsDADX5+686dU52tOnlSp25d+qu6Xaz386OOUHeoU9Q16iB1Mw85mSaTI5E8yc6OSk0N/vtvyrNP3r9/OCpqb3i4w82bW69etQsOtg0K2hgYSGkQZeTrfX3JaIH+pUL6iCpQNarsFB5OK9LqtBHaFG2QNpuLnEmoQKMALwwePJh7joeWgCReoykuLt63b5+RkZG1tbVS3pVWWJT/8Gl0UKTP6StHDvs67vH4Zaer7fZfbeyPb9Bo237ChjpC3aFOUdeog9RN6mzNPVYeYptXdnZ2JBb0l++GAABAGUCjwLlz5/r27ct3K9QKknjNJTo6+v3336cjT21+5bBgEdW8kkgkbdq0IbFo27ZtIa74BAAIDGgUKCk9r9mjR4/g4GC+G6I+kMRrIq9fv/7++++NjIwOHTpUjJ/yBImo5tXp06eHDh1KYjFs2DAPDw++mwMAAP8CGgUYR48eHT16NN+tUB9I4jWOs2fPtm3bdu7cuampqXy3BZSLqOYVRUeKkSQWLFLy3RwAAPgX0CjAKCgoaN26dVRUFN8NURNI4jWIv//+e9KkSd26dbt69SrfbQGVIJ55dffu3TZt2kgkEhIL9ps1lfDdKAAA+B/QKCCNvb39zJkz+W6FmkASrxEUFhbSsDQwMNi0aVN+vgpvxwTKQjzz6quvvmL3ijGx2Lx58/z58/luFAAA/A9oFJAmOztbX1//r7/+4rsh6gBJvPAJDQ197733Ro8eHR8fz3dbgKKIZ15RRGRPPmJiQctUwnejAADgf0CjgAw//vjj0qVL+W6FOkASL2RevXq1aNGili1bnjp1iu+2gKohwnkFsQAACBloFGCkpKTo6elpw42DGPOC5eTJky1atFiyZElGRgbfbQFVRoTzCmIBABAy0CjAYWlpuW7dOr5boXIw5gVIXFzcxx9/bG5uHh4ezndbQDUR4byCWAAAhAw0CnA8evTI0NDwzZs3fDdEtWDMC4q8vLwNGzYYGBg4ODhI8E5xTUaE8wpiAQAQMtAoIM20adMcHR35boVqwZgXDpcuXercufOUKVOePn3Kd1tATRHhvIJYAACEDDQKSBMREWFsbCzuN/hizAuB58+fz5o1q127dn5+fny3BSgHEc4riAUAQMhAo4AMI0aM+PXXX/luhQrBmOeX4uJiZ2dnIyOjH374QfTXbmkVIpxXEAsAgJCBRgEZzp8/36tXL75boUIw5nnk3r17gwYN+uCDD37//Xe+2wKUjAjnFcQCACBkoFFAHkriKZXnuxWqAmOeF968ebNy5UojI6MDBw4UFxfz3RygfEQ4ryAWAAAhA40C8ri4uHz00Ud8t0JVYMyrH19fX2Nj49mzZ7948YLvtgBVIcJ5BbEAAAgZaBSQp7CwsF27dmJ9YjfGvDpJTEz87LPPOnfufPnyZb7bAlSLCOcVxAIAIGSgUaBMdu7c+fnnn/PdCpWAMa8eJBLJjh07DAwMbGxs8vPz+W4OUDkinFcQCwCAkIFGgTJ58+aNkZFRXFwc3w1RPhjzaiAsLOy9994bOXLko0eP+G4LUBMinFcQCwCAkIFGgfJYv379woUL+W6F8sGYVykZGRmLFy9u0aKFq6sr320BakWE8wpiAQAQMtAoUB6pqal6enopKSl8N0TJYMyrjlOnTlH6/s0331Aqz3dbgLoR4byCWAAAhAw0ClTAsmXLrK2t+W6FksGYVwWPHj0aNWpUr169wsLC+G4L4AcRziuIBQBAyECjQAX89ddfBgYGWVlZfDdEmWDMK5f8/HwbGxtDQ8Pt27dLJBK+mwN4Q4TzCmIBABAy0ChQMRYWFtu2beO7FcoEY16JXLlypUuXLp999tnff//Nd1sAz4hwXkEsAABCBhoFKiYqKqp169YFBQV8N0RpYMwrhRcvXsyePdvY2PjcuXN8twUIAhHOK4gFAEDIQKNApYwZM+bIkSN8t0JpYMzXkOLi4oMHDzZr1mzlypWvX7/muzlAKIhwXvErFiEhIQcOHJApfPbsmfhuVAIAVA9oFKiUS5cude/enVI3vhuiHJDE14T79+9/+OGHAwcOjI6O5rstQFiIcF7JiEW3bt18fHzUtvddu3aNGjVKpvDevXv16tVTWxsAAEIGGgUUoW/fvqK5agJJfPV48+bNDz/8YGhouH//ftEc0QElIsJ5JSMW6enp6nz5MAIkAKBioFFAETw8PD788EO+W6EckMRXAz8/v3bt2s2aNev58+d8twUIFBHOKxmxGDdu3KVLl2ghMTFxypQpBgYG7du3p6NbmbVsbGw2bdrElu3t7X/88Ue2bG1t3aFDh2bNmnl5ebGSU6dOmZiYtGjRYseOHaykoKBg0aJFdKzcv39/S0vL8gIkNcPMzIxWdHBwoEIXF5dPP/2Uq7NgwQJvb2+leAAAIGSgUUARioqKOnbsePPmTb4bogSQxFeJp0+fTp06tXPnzkwZACgPEc6r8n6qplC3dOlSiUQSHx8v/1zVJUuWfPvtt2x59erV8+fPp4XIyEiKjtnZ2enp6ampqSWl58woxEZHR8fExOjr67NH+R48eLBPnz4PHjx4/PjxkCFDygyQtWvXnjlzZkREBEVHWk5LS0tOTtbR0YmNjS0pveW8SZMmeN0aANoANAooyL59+6SPozQXJPEKQhPf0dGRpvD69evz8vL4bg4QOiKcV+UFyDVr1vTr14+iY5lrlRkgo6KiGjVqdPbsWa6ai4vL6NGj40oZOHBgQEAAFX7xxRf29vasQnk/VdetW5d7XpiJiYmHhwct0KZootICRc1Zs2bVsOMAAI0AGgUUJDc3t3nz5n/88QffDakpSOIVITw8vHfv3iNGjKDJy3dbgGYgwnlVXoDMzMycOXNmnTp11q1bV1hYKLNWmQGScHJyohhJkSwxMZH+pfKWLVsO+IfDhw9ToaGhYVBQEKuvyPWm48eP37BhAy0cP368a9eutGBubh4cHKyc/gMAhA00CiiOra3tvHnz+G5FTUESXzEZGRk0wVu0aEEH4Xy3BWgSIpxXFT/5ISQkpFmzZp6enjJr0fxZunQpW160aBEXIInnz59TgJwxYwYtr1q1atiwYTLrmpqacg/0VSRAdurU6eLFi7SQlZVF0ffgwYPt27fHjecAaAnQKKA4L1++1NPTS0pK4rshNQJJfAW4ubm1atWKJvWrV6/4bgvQMEQ4r8oLkBSl2CMgBg8eLH+wa29vT5GvsLCQPqKgxQLkkydP2GWmjo6OkydPLim9AlVHR+fChQslpS9fyMzMpAUrK6uxY8emp6dHR0d37969vOtNKTbTcmhoaMOGDXNzc9lHFhYWtLt169Yp3xEAAEECjQJV4rvvvluxYgXfragRSOLL5M8//xwzZkyvXr1u377Nd1uARiLCeVVegJw9e7ahoaGpqemECRPkX2dNsbBLly6NGzeePn06KSYLkO7u7np6emZmZubm5mFhYazmkSNHmjZtamJi0qZNm3379lFJTEyMsbFxvXr1+vTpQ6GuzABJ26FYSJtq0KCBk5MT95G/v3+tWrUSEhKU7QYAgECBRoEqkZiYSN+ORt9VjCReBjpct7W1NTAw2LZtm/y1cwAoiAjnVQVikZuby85LlYe8ShYXF7948UK+MDk5uaioqOJqHBKJhG355cuXMvebe3h4jBgxooImAQBEBjQKVJU5c+bY2dnx3YrqgyRemmvXrnXv3v3TTz+lI3O+2wI0GxHOK80Si0GDBp04cYLvVgAA1Ac0ClSVmJiY5s2ba+4zBzVrzKuO1NTUuXPntmnTBq9cAEpBhPNKg8SioKCAZnJOTg7fDQEAqA9oFKgGEydOdHZ25rsV1USDxryKKC4uPnz4sJGR0ffff//69Wu+mwNEggjnFcQCACBkoFGgGly/fr1z587Sl0hpEFo+5u/fvz9kyJABAwZER0fz3RYgKkQ4r7RcLAAAAgcaBarHoEGD5J89qhFo7ZjPycmxtrY2MjLau3cvHtIKlI4I55XWigUAQCOARoHq4e3tPWDAAL5bUR20c8wHBAS0b9/ewsIiJSWF77YAcSLCeaWdYgEA0BSgUaB6FBcXd+3a9cqVK3w3pMpo25hPSkr6/PPPTUxM2EvTAFARIpxX2iYWAADNAhoFqs2hQ4fGjRvHdyuqjPaMeYlEsnPnTgMDg3Xr1mnu04SApiDCeaU9YgEA0ESgUaDa5Ofnt2zZ8t69e3w3pGpoyZi/c+dO3759P/roo9jYWL7bArQCEc4rLRELAICGAo0CNWHLli2zZs3iuxVVQ/RjPjMzc9myZc2bN8dLFYA6EeG8Er1YAAA0GmgUqAmUL+rr62vWyz7FPeY9PDxat269cOHCly9f8t0WoF2IcF6JWywAAJoONArUkB9++MHKyorvVlQBsY75hISEcePG9ezZ8+bNm3y3BWgjIpxXYhULAIA4gEaBGvLs2bOmTZump6fz3RBFEd+YLygosLOz09fX37JlS2FhId/NAVqK2OZViRjFAgAgJqBRoOZ8/fXXNjY2fLdCUUQ25q9fv96jR4+JEydq1kVNQHyIal4xRCYWAACRAY0CNSc2NtbIyCgnJ4fvhiiEpoz5oqKiFy9exMTEXLlyxcPDw8nJaf369UuWLJk+ffrw4cNNTU0bNWqko6PTpk2bM2fO8N1YAJDEAwCAeoFGAaUwZcqU3bt3890KhdCIMZ+dnU3t1NfX79GjB6Xs06ZNW7x4MSXxe/bscXd3p7T+/v37ZqVQTb4bC8BbNGBeVRWNEAsAgNYCjQJKITQ0tH379hKJhO+GVI5GjPnly5dXfLtwbGysnp5eXFyc2poEQMWocF4VFuU/eBp9MfLs6StHDvs67vH4Zaer7fYTNvbHN6jUxnz2kUq3T12gjlB3qFPUNeogdZM6qzpPAgBUATQKaDrDhg1zdXVVvD7GfHk8e/ZMX1+f/lZQZ8+ePZMnT1Z8m6A8+BqHqjb1a6/yk/g3+VmhDy6fCHRycNm433ub2zVnn4jjQTHu1//yufnENzQpIOzZeY026gJ1hLpDnaKuUQepm9RZ6jJ1nLqvdJcCAJQINIrvbwAoDT8/v969e1daDWO+UhctL6WCCkVFRZ06dQoJCanC1wP+Dcah0l2qzCQ+Mzfd55brTtdNh/0d/KJcbv7ty7tD1WbUWeoydZy6T04gVyjRsQAApQCNgkaJD1NT06CgoPI+xZhXZMwrchr+zJkzgwYNqtFXpcVgHKpIe5WTxOcW5gTd8dp5ytYleG/Ik3O8u4xHo+6TE8gV5BByi1LcCwCoIdAoaJRYOX78+MiRI+XLMeYVH/OVnoYnKIPHE2mqAcah4uOwGtQ0iS8uKb4a7b/bze5o4M4r8d68+0ggRq4gh5BbyDnkIqV8VQCAagCNgkaJm8LCwjZt2kRGRnIlGPNVGvOKnIYPCQnp1KlTUVGRCr9I0fH/7Z0HWBRn14YVBQWUKqigImDBFiH2hjUWolgSETUaOyrW5LcGu6JGVEQxKoKCSJeigIhdQdkkxhZjNNYY9ftMzP+pX9TY8h954/ybXcruMmV357mvc3HNvjs7O/POeZ/zzDA7gzzUKg91o0wm/vmrZwlHtm9NDzl0JUXyftHDoG6hzqEuoo4q434CAOgANAoaJQfWr18/ePBgNo2c1zbnNTkNP2DAgPDwcGH3onGBPNQ2D3VDdxP/6+N/bctYtzMnzAh+iyBcUOdQF0Wkr6XuKst+AgBoCzQKGiUT/vvf/9rZ2V2/fh05r23Oa3Ia/urVqwb0XC19AHmobR7q3NU6mvir978PSwhOPhUpeS8IFLOCJ0dmredradRRa3ctufPwms77CQCgFWJqVP7P+5JORhz+5wmnKQvGxh/bIrmUQaNkQlBQkP9IP9RlbXM+cMrkUk/DBwQELFy4UJz9aASIoL2nfsncczoy/eudp+9miZB42ed3j5ziJ9DCy6i9uph4+rKQ6MW0VXxtQ3Vnh8rmlY5f//9LpibO/bRcuXLbM9eJsHuKDM82TeatmcbjArPO7aZOu3rvom77CQCgObxrVHFx/Ea631jfatXtWnXydKlXq3nrJsl5EeytOu7Oa3YuUv8IKVvC8a1SKRs0yli5eueiz+DuqMva5rxJBZNypWFubv7HH39IvYcNA6G199j1tKETBtpVs2nR/j2vds3sHGyHTRwkdOLtPrK5omlF4ZZfFu3V2sQ/eHRvY0JwasEOHjeAicWyr+ZwLe4edU3NTI1JLN7up/Nx1HXUgTrsJwCAhgihUcXFgE/6tOzQ/MhPe9jLwKAxjk7VmO8pzsTnXIw/9Uum5l8xc2lAF5/24ugeNMpAQV1GzusDImhvP/+ezVo2yr2UyF6evpulwwEDJdLS8Nmazy+0iS9LHmpn4p+9+GNL6prU0zzvIRKLHr7enXq2YS9jcje29vaysq3KxGJD3PI2nd+3sbemRvbv6eS8CLeGLtEHNjb2bODsUnPV9iD2QfU52cy0y61sqvgM7t65d7sVW+cpCm/0M+jTD+krXBvU2ZkTxubcczqSm9PjvXq8iwVF6umorWkh1I3a7icAgCYIpFFFxt4zMeXLl4/KDuVaqKLUrOX4+fKJikITvzD0s/bdW1WxsuzWt+PRa6lsHmonqSlOhdK/3tmhR+uq1lVs7a3nrJpCGmhtZ2VuUbm2m/PamMUibBQ0yuBAXUbO6wMiaO/eb2PKlSu3LSNE/S1SzjZd3iexdalXi6VTcTk59rNhdCxq72hLopp/J3Pm0oDhkz4aOcWPVFdReG0kvaxW3Y5m8Bvre/JWhkIUE69zHmph4t/89SYmZ3PsoXDeV53EYmXEF9RHh35MppdDAwYGrZ/JicWWtDVb09ecuJnRc0Bneot1KNVOz7ZNN+9ZHfjFaBrwbDnqc1K07OjpO7QXLZlmJiGY++VUapy/djrtbzqYm7FkQofurdicJDQfjep7+GpK6O5ltDvZnLwHdWDsgc24pxsAvCOcRhUZYQkrSIioDCg3du7Tvv/w3opCs07StDpqAc1Gzp7TE+5yGnUVomOA+o1dvdo1izv6Ve4PSXSQQLZm9Az/tl1bZF+II2UTZ7ugUQYE6jJyXh8QR3tJS0k/1W82X3Avu34TN99hvXIuxgdvm1/JvBIZ9+Jy8shPe+o1cp29MpBElV6SwFJWjwgcnHhiG70MmD3S3aMufZw+69G8/qdT/RRimXjd8lALE3/wTHpkJm+/KVEOEgsqWlS9aAyzU1k0tjmx4GJW8GQqb9yOSVW8PeBLOhlBO1Xl6V/cnDTyK1SsQIdorJ37Z1ynnm2mLx6fnL89KjvUsorFqV8ySWIqVTbL+CZaZU4hgrox99t07YcJAKAkhNOoImNp+GwSDZVrY/oO+YB8vKLQxHMnhKhCdO/XiU1zJl5dhXbmhNG74SmrlBdItce7V1vRNgoaZVigLiPn9QFxtJck19yisno7eW7Kt7R3GUVp5jfWt4Sc9HivHnc5DZl4OqTkFuVUp0Zg0BguY+0dbRUimngd8lBTE//f5082xK84+lOqECvNxGLinJHUlRsTg1nF4sQi/tiWgSN96LicDp44seA6lHYPd2SmPueG+OWWVS24L+IkgPKAjskaeTZgQWpChbOKlaX6nELE0Wup1Jn/ff5Yp8ECACgCQTWqyNiWEULis3P/BuXGtl1b+I8foPjnNfELQj/jTkxyJl5dhVZHLaCSo3LGXRITD40yCFCXkfP6gGjauyVtDeXVYbUbz5NyKmfUkHH9O/duV0JOqpj4XoO6cp+lw8uwhBVsOmLvWub7xTTx2uahpiZ+36mE2EObBVppJhZ0/G1iYkIlkP2ShhOL2q5O0xeNp4m5X04tWSzU58y+EEfvsn+anL6bRSLCJODtdasrJimvAwnN2+S4+ndyNG8toFgoCv9psu9UvK5DBgCgiqAaVWRQLSHbMXXBWGX9taxiwRRM2cSPnOI34JM+bJoz8eoqtCM7lN5VuYmeJCYeGmUQoC4j5/UB0bQ391KiWSXT+SHTVdq371tHeZJzMZ69bNet5cARfUrISTLxSzbNYu0qJt6hhv2s4Mls+u31YzZVFOKeidc2DzUy8Q8e3w+NW37ylup1SHwFEwuaqN/EjbunFROLU79kWliab0wMPvRjso9fjwZN3YvbMUXOSUETnfu0p2raw9fb3tF2/tq3u3/UtCHuHnXZP+no69h+pXenLRxHR100D62GQNfesaBvDN29jDq2DAMHAPA3QmtUcTFm5lDyKPu+26UovHVxP/+erg3qsFsXk4kfNnFQwb1sKjwNm7kHb5vPPsKZeHUVyr+TSZ/q1rfjge8TaDrr3Nu7LizfMre2mzMtR+RNg0bpOajLyHl9QGTtJVG1tbeO2LuWvSSRpF128laGo1M1OlYknUw8sc2yqsW6XUuKy0ma7uLTnpKNtauY+I9G9W3t7UXHjRTtu7eipFWIbuK1ykONTHzCkcikdzc/FiI4sdiavubLHQtZI3fEP2HWCHOLyrSHPls2keQgMGhMcTtGfU5qpCXTYdn77Zqtjgx6+z+UzXMUhQJB+4YWQhXXsWY1dnHenFVTKlSsQDLhN9ZX6CN+CupS6tiyDR8AwFuE1qjigjwKFYMqVpZNvBraVbMh9c88G8veIjtOIuNSrxa9692r7fEb6aydM/FFqtCuQ+Fk2UmFrO2sSNAUhT/Dqt/Y1alOjU3JK0XeOmiUPoO6jJzXB0TWXkqqEYGDTc1MnWpXJ3Wlo0F2XLctI4QytmYtx0qVzcbMHMpmLi4nySLTkQAlnkLNxOf+kESZaWVThaJVJ8/9hWf3RTbxWuVh6Sb+0dP/pQ0+9YsYj8UqLuiQiN0CguqZ+g+TNZwz52K8iYnJroObuBYqq9z/X7gW7pbPQgd1KXUsdW+ZBxEAskZyjcr/eV/8sS3cP/3/1qIrKWTxSYWoKnCNuZcSqRhwt5ssUoUUhdcbqPwokGqJOM8mhEYZBJLnvAJ1GUiXh5ROSScjDl5OUmnPPr9b5XZhxS7h533czeaLyNgrKSp6LnJonoelm/ij57JilAaYwYXvsF79h/emgy32f2rJ10c5SLmOns3iYygBIF8MQqPI5Q+bOKjngM7turWUfGWgUYaOQeR8CYG6bBwYeh7qc2iYh6Wb+IiMdQd/UD3cMaBIzt++MuKL2SsDxf9ndKlBB4IRGev5GEoAyBeD0Khj19NIiNbtWiL+CXVolPFhEDlfQqAuGweGnof6HBrmYSkm/umfT9bHLi24K/ZvqmQS1LHUvdTJPA0oAGQHNAoaJTeQ88h5fQB5qA95WIqJP3u9QOV+Zwh+IzJz/bnrBfwNKwDkBTQKGiU3kPMS5vzz58+XLVtmb29Pf//880+Rd71egTyUMA85SjHx2YqU5LztvK9Z/s/7kk5GqNyxf8qCsfHHtkjeayIHdS91Mn/DCgB5IZBGIbhIyY/MLkiWej+D/0cfct64i3hxOb9//353d/eBAwfevn2b/tI0tYifAHqCPuShcYcm2luKiY/L3cbdMY2XOH4j3W+sb7Xqdq06ebrUq9W8dZPkdzcnUn42inJwd2QrY/Qd8oHv0F7cy0nzRvUf3lvynUTdS53M37ACQF7wrlHFRXVnB+5u2Swmzv2U1EnlKfTGF9AofUO0nC8yJCziEub8rVu3BgwYQK49JyeHa2SentrpXdGzQHqkzUM5hCbaW4qJ35oawu+tnQZ80qdlh+bcMgODxjg6VWN1sbjxn3Mx/tQvGt0ziMXMpQFdfNqrt+uniT/6U+qW1DX8DSsA5AXvGlVcMBPPnlvJwt2jrqmZqdGbeGiUviFazhcZEhZxSXKeXT9jZ2e3fPly9etnqIXa6V2ah+YUPRekRNo8lENoor2lmPiNCcE8Pohr75mY8uXLR2WHci2n72a9fdLy8omKwvG/MPSz9t1bVbGy7Na3I3crZWrfczpSUXiT/0GffmhlW9W1QZ2dOWHs3fSvd3bo0bqqdRVbe+s5q6ZQQbW2szK3qFzbzXltzGLlby/BxI+c4kerYWNvvToyiLXQNzZv3cSyqgVJCVuT5LwIt4YuG+KW13Z14h6+WPag7qVO5m9YASAv+NWoEoJMfA9f704927CXMbkbW3t7cc++IWVo0/l90hBqZFcUMMWIPrCxsWcDZ5eaq7b/rS3qc7KZm7VsZGVTxWdw9869263YOq84xWvbtQW927KjZ88BnUXYamiUHiJazquHtEVctOByfv/+/fXq1WPXz5SwR+R5dY2EeSiT0ER7SzHx62OXanUAXXKEJayg8a9yK/7OfdozM03jnAb26qgFNBuJAvd0Ze4/cfPXTm/T5f3cS4kzlkzo0L2VolA+6jd29WrXLO7oV7k/JJG+kEaMnuFPdS77QtyJmxnKX1SciacqS19HckNLOPB9AnuXvmj6ovHUQhOkSorCR3bRylMJ35EdyuNTAKh7qZP5G1YAyAt+NaqEIBO/MuKLiqYVD/2YTC+HBgwMWj+TM/Fb0tZsTV9DmkPemt7iFMOzbdPNe1YHfjGaxI0tR31OCjLlpE60ZJqZrDxTP3XFYzrpVKcGHRKQxImw1dAoPUS0nFcPaYu4aEHdG5GwkV0/o7kvz8nJYVfXlOz4jQYJ81AmoYn2lmLiQ6L5PA5eGj67UmUzlb1O3pokQFE4/tn5J4oRgYO79+vEprnxTwZ6+uLxyfnbo7JDLatY0HLoUJ7eDU9ZpbxAqpfevdqqf3txJn7XwU2VzCtxj5VWFD5VztyicuzhcPqucZ8P/9Cvh6KwJJuYmKg/W7HsQZ3M37ACQF7wq1ElBHsKPRkOMiLs7CN5bs7EczEreDI5EsU7E5+q2EHTSScjSKlUHsLKzXn4akqFihXYQ+YpPNv8/Wx5dcVjOjln9VRxNhkapZ+IlvPqIW0RFzPMzSv7+fk9e/ZMq11z6dKl2rVrl5MHPQd0kXYfySFK1V5Rz8RvywihHb9z/wblRjrg9h8/QPHPy+kWhH7Gnbgq9278k7GmxkaeDVhQzaMjfiqTKgfrxY1/32G9+nzcjXs5ce6nA0f0YdNUTcnHt/b22nsmhl7SVpuamXJfxP5tTSW5omlF3vcQznIBUBbEPBNPJn7inJEtO3puTAxmIsOZ+PhjWwaO9OnQvVW9Rq6ciecUg6w86Rh74Lz6nBvil1tWteC+iDPx6oqnKP6yY+ECGqVvSHgGVNoiLmbOLwz9TNsrZJTvXSNoAugJOBMvQh6W9Uw8v9c8Hb6SQmN46oKxXMvRa6l0OM5+K6Y8/kdO8Rvwyd8Omxv/by+8WzFJeYE7skPpXZU7lRY3/sfMHMppiqLwv+FjPxvGvdx/MZ5MfA9fb7ZYExMTlZ9dC2Ticb0pAGVBzGviycQn528ncSDXwlSLM/G1XZ2mLxpPE3O/nFqyiVefM/tCHL3LLo85fTeLzD0z8eqKp5DCxEOj9A0Jr0WWtoiLn/Ma3n+myHvXGD24Jl60PCwBse9OQ06aati+73YpCg8y+vn3JGPNnkNO43/YxEEF97JzLyU2bObO/XiUG/+jpg1x96ib8U00TR+/nkYVMf9OJn2qW9+OB75PoOmsc7vpreVb5tZ2c6blqHx1WMIKTixoTvrg2l1LaJoWyC6Fn7k0gAkHLapu/dp+Y32P30inl+wSWIFMPO78AEBZEPPuNGTiaaJ+EzfuXpPMxJOUWViab0wMJq3w8evRoKm7ohgTX+ScFDTRuU97MkA9fL3tHW3nr51epOIppDDx0Ch9Q9q7gkhYxCXJ+ZLvP1PyvWuMG9ydRsw8LA6x7xNPY56GcRUryyZeDe2q2bT29uKWTyOZqppLvVr0LplpZqAVSuOfxjzNQHWRJMOxZjX2z+Vdh8JptFNNtbazmjBrhKLwivb6jV2d6tTYlLxS5dsHj/GlpdHHK1Qw8RncnWnEiq3z6BvdGrrQp7gf3ccf20IvqZ3Uqn3h728EMvG4BzMAZUHM+8QzE781fQ33ExruTDyJj7lFZUenap8tm0g2PTBoTHFn4tXnpEZacrtuLd9v12x1ZJDHe/WWbp5TnOKJb+KhUfqGtPfnlraIS5XzRd5/RsN71xgruE+8+HmojmRPbCWXrHKPl8NXUkgdqM7l/pDENdIBPQ147k5VisInTaj/ujT7QpzKj8b2X4xn5wZUgr6UiistVrmR3HyRv1g98H0CJ0MCBZ6GCEBZ0J+nBpK2sLt2kAVhfl2HOUmITExMdh3cVLLiiRnQKH1DH3JewiIuYc4r339G23vXGB/6kIfGHTw8sfXs9QKVi9VECxKIYRMH9RzQuV23lpJ3pXARmbn+3PUC/oYVAPJCQo3iMXyH9eo/vPfoGf7s0gLJ1wcapc8YSs4bbhEvIefZ1TX29vYyvH5GBUPJQ8MNTbS3FBP/9M8n62OXFtyV4NK0Y9fTVkZ8sW7XEqmOxUUI6ljqXupk/oYVAPJCQo3iMZLzt5PczV4ZKNX1A9AoA8JQct5AizhyXkMMJQ8NNDTMw1JMPBGRsV7l4hMEX0EdS93L04ACQKZAo6BRcgM5j5zXB5CHkudh6Sb+6LmsGKULNBE8xq6Dm46ezeJjKAEgX6BR0Ci5gZxHzusDyEPJ87B0E//o6f+G7l526hcJ/h22IW45u0uDJpH/874lm2b5+PVQv7OyfgZ1KXUsdS8fQwkA+QKNgkbJDQlz3rgDOa8VyEPJ87B0E08kHIlMyosQeqWrOzvY2FtXta5SrbrdqOn+1DJ6hn+vQV01/Piq7UEezevvyA7dmr5G8h2gSVCXUseWeRABAKBR0CjZIU7Oyy2Q89qCPJQ2DzUy8Q8e3w+NWy70o7moQK7YOq/gXvampGB2W9mSC2T61ztNzUy5m1INHNFn+KSPJO96DYM6k7qUOrZswwcA8BZoFDRKboiT87IK5LwOIA+lzUONTDyx71RC7KHNgq43K5CKwudBVKpstnTzHOUCOf5/PmnYzN3OwdZ3WC/2kKYGTd2pjtZ2c/54VN9pC8dZVrGwsqlCL7PO7aaqScWyWnU7e0dbv7G+J29lsIW07dqCvqJlR8+eAzon50W4NXTZnrmOllOzlmNYwoq1u5bQx+nljnePfBIuqDOpS8swcAAA/wAaBY2SGyLkvKwCOa8byEMJ81BTE//f5082xK84+lOqcOvNCuTpu1nTF483NTNN+3qncoFcGj47tSAq52K8tZ0Ve0Tizv0bqEDuPRNz+ErK0Wup3ft1GjzGN/tCHC0hYPZId4+60Qc27j6y2aN5/U+n+rGF1HF3dqpTY9X2IJqN3ipfvnz77q1iD4cPDRhI1bRz73bxx7b0/qjbh349BN1D1I3UmdSlug4ZAIAq0CholNwQIeflE8h5nUEeSpiHmpp44uCZ9MhMAW/sTwWSnceyrGqxeOP/KIq53rRF+/dmBU9WvHuSOfevah+/HiOn/F0IqQqyh5lT0Mz2jrZsmgrknNVT2TQVSBMTE/ZgudDdy6xsqx6/nkbTQetnNvZsIOhOom6kztRpsAAAigUaBY2SG0LnvHwCOV8WkIdS5aEWJv7NX29icjbHHgoXaNWpQH4y6aPtmeuO/LSHtSgXyBVb5/Xw9e7Qo7W1ndX/lFYgK1SsEJawgk1H7F3LzUYFcs3ORaydCmRF04psekP8ckenamx6YehnghZI6sBdBzZTZ2o/TAAAJQGNgkbJDaFzXiaBnC8jyEOp8lALE088e/HHltQ1qad3CLH23PWmXHAFMiZ3o1kl05RTkTTdqpNnqQXSoYY9OxOmKDxrZWVThU1LXiBTT0dtTQuhbtRygAAANAIaBY2SG4LmvBwCOc8LyENJ8lA7E088eHR/Y0Jw1vk43jeghAK5btcSe0fbEzcz4o9tqe3qNHn+KEXhI52pau56d+SnXCA/GtW3tbfX4aspFO27t/J5d/2otAUytWAHdR11oLZ9DgDQHGgUNEpuCJfzRh/IeR5BHoqfh1qbeOLqvYsh0Yuzzu3mdxtKKJD5P+9r2sKjipWlR/P6o6b7W9tZRR/YSO1DAwZa2Val2RT/LJC5PyS169bSyqYKRatOnvsvxrN2CQtk9vnd1Gl3Hl7TocMBAFoBjYJGyQ2Bct64g3K+UqVK5UrD3Nz8jz9wnl4jkIe65aHO2quLiSfoy9bFLEnJ3y7mdrIfeL2duJTINR76MfnEzYwi5z985e1ZLsl3D0XKqUg6xrp6/3vdehsAoC3QKGiU3JAk5w03WM5/OnbE9OnTS+7YiRMnLliwQJydaAQgD3XIQ521V0cTT/z6+H5E+troAxsL7mZL3gt6G9Q5O3PCqKN+xfMjABAXaBQ0Sm4g57XN+X/96182Njb375eU/FevXq1WrdrTp09F24+GDvJQ2zzUuat1N/HE81fPEo5EbE0POXRFL04m6VtQt1DnxB+JoI4qSz8DAHQDGgWNkhvIeW1zfubMmaWejB8wYEB4eLjwe894QB5qm4e6USYT/1fhfYWOnc/amBC8Y3/Y0WtpkveLngR1BXUIdQt1Du5aBYCEQKOgUXIDOa9VzmtyMj4/P9/Nze3169fC7z3jAXmoVR7qRllNPOPZy6e5Z9I2xC+PPRSed3uv5H0kYdDmUydQV1CHULfw0r0AgDICjYJGyQ3kvOY5r8nJ+LZt2+7Zs0eYfWXMIA81z0Md4MfEMx49e7j3VNyGuGWRmeszv4vl7o4sh6CNpU2mDafNp06gruCxYwEAvACNgkbJDeS8Jjmvycl4cvDk4wXYRbIAeSiQ9vJp4hl//Pm44PKRmJzw9bFLv0r9MuH41oxvonMvJZ64mZF/e9/pu1mSd2gZo+BuNm0IbQ5tFG0abSBtJm0sbTJtOG0+710KAOARaJTUewCIDXK+1C4q9WT869ev3d3d8/Ly+NstsgN5yHuX8m/iOV6+/vPHX87nnslIPhoVuS90U9KqDXHL1+5aEhK9WLhYGj67YsUK9Fe4r1gbs4Q2hDaHNoo2jTaQNpM2VrieBAAIATQKyA1Jcp6i54Augi6/7Dmvycn48PDw/v37l3knAMnyUOgQX3sFNPGSEBwcXK5cOfor9YoAAEARQKOADKGcl3oVSmdGISXM8PTpU1tb26tXr4q2SgCUjAGMK8159eqVs7MziUWtWrVevnwp9eoAAMA/gEYBeWIQJv7+/fvsEa2NGzfu3Lnzxx9/PGnSpEWLFm3atCkxMfHIkSNff/31sGHDmjZt+uTJE6lXFoC3GMC40pzk5OROnTrRCPT29k5KSpJ6dQAA4B9Ao4A8MQgTT7x58+bBgwfff//90aNHaYSGh4eTiZ88efLgwYO7dOlC5t7GxqZChQpOTk64Uw3QBwxjXGkIVUeqkSQWrFJKvToAAPAPoFFAnhiKideQkydPNmrUyMfH5+bNm1KvC5A1xjOuzp075+zs/OrVKxIL9j9rapF6pQAA4G+gUUC2GJmJJ168eLFy5Uo7O7tVq1bRtNSrA2SK8YyrMWPGsN+KMbGg0TV69GipVwoAAP4GGgVki/GZeMbNmzf79OnTpEkT3HoSSILxjCuqiE+fvn0CFhMLmqYWqVcKAAD+BhoFZIuxmnhGcnKyk5PT2LFjHz7EM9SAqBjhuDJusQAAGDrQKCA3jD7nHz9+PG3aNEdHx+joaKnXBcgIIxxXRi8WAACDBhoF5IZMcv7MmTPvv/++t7f35cuXpV4XIAuMcFzJRCwAAAYKNArIDfnk/OvXrzdu3Ghvb//FF188e/ZM6tUBRo4Rjiv5iAUAwBCBRgG5Ibecv3fvnp+fn6ura25urtTrAowZIxxXchMLAIBhAY0CckOeOZ+Tk+Pi4jJkyJD79+9LvS7AODHCcSVPsQAAGArQKCA3ZJvzz549mz9/vp2dXXh4+OvXr6VeHWBsGOG4kq1YAAAMAmgUkBsyz/nLly937NixZcuW3333ndTrAowKIxxXMhcLAICeA40CcgM5T+zYscPR0XH69OlPnjyRel2AkWCE4wpiAQDQZ6BRQG4g5xm//fbbmDFjnJyc9uzZI/W6AGPACMcVxAIAoM9Ao4DcQM4rc/LkyUaNGn344Ye3bt2Sel2AYWOE4wpiAQDQZ6BRQG4g51V48eJFcHCwra3t6tWrX758KfXqAEPFCMcVxAIAoM9Ao4DcQM4Xyc2bN3v37t24ceO8vDyp1wUYJEY4riAWAAB9BhoF5AZyvgSSk5OdnJzGjh378OFDqdcFGBhGOK4gFgAAfQYaBeQGcr5kHj9+PG3aNEdHx+joaKnXBRgSRjiuIBYAAH0GGgXkBnJeE86cOfP+++937tz5xx9/lHpdgGFghOMKYgEA0GegUUBuIOc15PXr12FhYXZ2dkFBQc+ePZN6dYC+Y4TjCmIBANBnoFFAbiDnteLevXuDBw92dXXNzc2Vel2AXmOE4wpiAQDQZ6BRQG4g53UgJyenbt26Q4YMuX//vtTrAvQUIxxXEAsAgD4DjQJyAzmvG0+fPp0/f769vX14ePjr16+lXh2gdxjhuJJWLPLy8rZt26bSSIfRc+fOlWR9AAD6BjQKyA3kfFn44YcfOnbs2KpVq7Nnz0q9LkC/MH4T37Bhw4yMDNG+PSwsrEePHiqNFy5cMDMzE20dAAD6DDQKyA3kfNmJiopycHCYMWPGkydPpF4XoC8Yv4l/+PDhn3/+Kdq3G4dYAACEAxoF5AZynhd+++230aNHOzk5paamSr0uQC8wfhPfu3fvw4cP08SdO3cGDhxoZ2fn4uLyxx9/qHxqyZIly5YtY9MhISHz5s1j03Pnzq1bty4d/nJjJj4+3s3NrXr16uvWrWMtL168CAgIsLe3b9my5YQJE4oTC1qNpk2b0gfXr19PjbGxsf369ePmGTduXFpaGi89AADQZ6BRQG4g53nk5MmTHh4eH3744a1bt6ReFyAxxm/iuX/b0bAPDAx89erVtWvX6K/KpyZPnjx16lQ2PWfOHDrY/avwyQukFE+ePHn48OGvv/76V+H5A5Kb8+fPX7p0ydbW9vHjx9QYERHh5eV1+fJlGlEdO3YsUixMTEz8/f2/+eYbUgqapuPpe/fuVahQ4cqVKzTDgwcPrKys/vOf/wjSIwAAfQIaBeQGcp5f6BAlODiYtnr16tUvX76UenWAZMjIxM+fP79FixakFEV+qkixOHv2rIWFRXp6OjcbHaZ/8MEHVwtp06ZNdnY2Nfr5+YWEhLAZivu3nampKY069tLNzS0pKYkmaFGLFi2iCVKQ4cOHl3HDAQAGATQKyA3kvBDcuHGjd+/eTZo0yc/Pl3pdgDTIyMQ/evSIjrkrVqy4cOFC9SPXIsWCCA8PJ72gUX3nzh16Se01atRo9Y7IyEhqtLe3557IoMm1d3369Fm8eDFNREdHN2jQgCaaN29+6NAhfrYfAKDfQKOA3EDOCwcde9SsWXPcuHG///671OsCxEZGJp6Rl5fn4OCQkpKi8ikSi8DAQDYdEBDAiQXx73//m8RiyJAhND1r1ixvb2+VzzZu3DgqKopNayIW7u7uBw8epInHjx+TEkVERLi4uLx580b7bQUAGB7QKCA3kPOCQutMRzvUhzExMVKvCxAVGZl4GrHs5/AdOnSIjY1V+VRISAipwMuXL+ktGsBMLG7fvs0uuQsNDe3fv/9fhVfjVahQ4cCBAzRNw/vRo0c0MW3atF69ej18+PD8+fMeHh7FXXtHOkXTBQUF5ubmz549Y28NHTqUvm7hwoX8dwQAQC+BRgG5gZwXAeoHLy+vzp07//jjj1KvCxAJGZn4ESNG2Nvb09G5j48PdxkcB+lC/fr1LS0tBw8ePHPmTCYWiYmJNjY2TZs2bd68uUKhYHPSwb21tbWbm5uzs/NXX31FLZcuXapduzYd09P4oWFfpFjQckgXaFGVK1cODw/n3srKyipfvvyNGzf47gYAgJ4CjQJyAzkvDq9fvw4LC6MuDQoK4o5JgBFj/CZeGcppdoxeHOq/Q6fD+gcPHqg33rt3T/kZyEXOxvHq1Su25N9///358+fKbyUlJXXt2rWEVQIAGBnQKCA3kPNicvfuXTrsoUMa7lcBwFiRl4nXQ9q2bYuL2ACQFdAoIDeQ8+Kzf//+unXr+vv7/+tf/5J6XYBQGNK40hADEosXL16kpaU9ffpU6hUBAIgHNArIDeS8JNBWzJs3z87ObvPmzcr/owBGg8GMK80xILEAAMgQaBSQG8h5Cfnhhx86duzYqlWrs2fPSr0ugGeMcFxBLAAA+gw0CsgN5Ly0vHnzJioqysHBYcaMGU+ePJF6dQBvGOG4glgAAPQZaBSQG8h5feC3334bPXq0s7Nzamqq1OsC+MEIxxXEAgCgz0CjgNxAzusPJ06c8PDw6Nu37+3bt6VeF1BWjHBcQSwAAPoMNArIDeS8XvHixYsVK1bY2tp++eWXL1++lHp1gO4Y4biCWAAA9BloFJAbyHk95MaNG7169WrSpEl+fr7U6wJ0xAjHFcQCAKDPQKOA3EDO6y1JSUlOTk7jxo37/fffpV4XoDVGOK4gFgAAfQYaBeQGcl6fefTo0dSpUx0dHY3gEVdywwjHFcQCAKDPQKOA3EDO6z/ffvutl5dXly5drly5IvW6AE0xwnEFsQAA6DPQKCA3kPMGwevXrzds2GBnZ7dgwYLnz59LvTqgdIxwXEEsAAD6DDQKyA3kvAFx9+7djz/+2NXVNTc3V+p1AaVghOMKYgEA0GegUUBuIOcNjv3799etW9ff3/9f//qX1OsCisUIxxXEAgCgz0CjgNxAzhsiT58+nTdvnr29/ebNm1+/fi316oAiMMJxBbEAAOgz0CggN5DzhsulS5c6duzYunXrc+fOSb0uQBUBx9XL139e/uX8wTPpyUejIveFbkpatSFu+dqYJSHRiwWNngO6CLp82gTaENoc2ijaNNpA2kzaWOF6EgAgBNAoYIgInZ+GmPNChNT7WY948+ZNZGRktWrVZs6c+eTJk7IvUCrtFTrE117+Tfwffz4uuHwkJid8fezSLWlrEo5vzfgmOvdS4ombGfm39xXczVbc32/QQZtAG0KbQxtFm0YbSJtJG0ubTBtOm897lwIAeAQaJfUeAGWCvILkOWb0AROvzm+//TZq1ChnZ+e0tDTdlgDt5XeP/MWviX/07GHGqbgNccsis9Znno3N/3mf5B0qWtDG0ibThtPmUydQV/DYsQAAXoBGQaOMAJh4EQImvjhOnDjRsGHDvn373r59W/NPQXsF0l5+TPyzl09zv03dEL889tDmvNt7Je8yCYM2nzqBuoI6hLqFl+4FAJQRaBQ0ymiAiRchYOJL4MWLFytWrLCzs/vyyy9fvnxZ8szQXi6E0N6ymvg3f705dj5rY0LwjpwNR6+lSd5HehLUFdQh1C3UOdRFvOwqAIAOQKOgUUYGTLwIARNfKtevX+/Vq1fTpk1PnTpV5AzQ3iKDX+0tk4l//upZwpHtW9NDDl1Jkbxf9DCoW6hzqIuoo8q4nwAAOgCNgkYZHzDxIgRMvIYkJibWrFlz/Pjxv//+u3I7tLfk4Et7dTfxvz7+17aMdTtzwozgtwjCBXUOdVFE+lrqrrLsJwCAtkCjoFFGCUy8jql+rwgdKLJRAROvDY8ePZoyZYqjo+OuXbtYC7RXo4TkQ3t1NPFX738flhCcfCpS8l4QKGYFT47MWs/X0qij1u5acufhNZ33EwBAK8TUqPyf9yWdjDj8zxNOUxaMjT+2RXIpg0YZH0Zp4jfELV+6eY5wyz99N+tDvx7jPh+u3EgvqZHeUp8fJl5bvv32Wy8vry5duigu5UF7NY8yaq8uJp6+jPI7+/xuvrahurNDZfNKx6///yVTE+d+Wq5cue2Z66TqVs82TeatmcbjArPO7aZOu3rvom77CQCgObxrVHFx/Ea631jfatXtWnXydKlXq3nrJsl5EeytOu7Oa3YuUv8IKVvC8a1SKRs0ygjQExNPhZtH2z16hn+vQV0FWlXm4Gno0V/u1DtNcI3qPh4mXgdevXq1JHgB9Se0V6soi/ZqbeIfPLq3MSE4tWAHjxvATPyyr+ZwLe4edU3NTI3JxL/dT+fjqOuoA3XYTwAADRFCo4qLAZ/0admh+ZGf9rCXgUFjHJ2qsfMRxRWSnIvxp37J1PwrZi4N6OLTXhzdg0YZBDDxWoWyg1cx6yW8BROvA9BenUNn7dXOxD978ceW1DWpp3neQ6QFPXy9O/Vsw17G5G5s7e1lZVuVmfgNccvbdH7fxt6aGtm/SOh4y62hS/SBjY09Gzi71Fy1PYh9UH1ONnOzlo2sbKr4DO7euXe7FVvnKQpv9DPo0w/pK1wb1NmZE8bm3HM6kpvT4716vJt4itTTUVvTQqgbtd1PAABNEEijioy9Z2LKly8flR3KtZAPqFnL8fPlExWFhWRh6Gftu7eqYmXZrW/Ho9dS2TzUTlJTnAqlf72zQ4/WVa2r2Npbz1k1hTTQ2s7K3KJybTfntTFiWDdolP6jtyY+/+d9wyd9VK26nb2jrd9Y35O3Mlg7pW69Rq6VzSs51a6eWhCVfSGu58AuNF23fu2FGz5n8whk4kuw6SXPABOvLdDeMoZu2quFiX/z15uYnM2xh8J5X3XSgpURX1Q0rXjox2R6OTRgYND6mZyJ35K2Zmv6mhM3M3oO6ExvUcvuI5tp/3m2bbp5z+rAL0bTbmDLUZ+TomVHT9+hvWjJNDMZ9LlfTqXG+Wunt+nyfu6lxBlLJnTo3orNSQcAH43qe/hqSujuZbQj2Zy8B3Vg7IHNuKcbALwjnEYVGWEJK0iI8u/849RO5z7t+w/vrSgsGCRNq6MW0GxUXTg94f6lq65CVIfqN3b1atcs7uhXuT8kUaGiYkPmpm3XFuR7SNnE2S5olJ6jtyY+YPZId4+60Qc2Uo32aF7/06l+1Bh/bIuJicnIKX5UhclCHb+eRsm8Yus8KrXLt8x1dKrGPiuEiVc26Pu+20V2jSLr3N9XetAEa6G31H08TLxWQHt5CR20VwsTf/BMemQmb7/1VA7SAuo46kHqWXY4RaOdM/FczAqeTF2seGfiUxVvD/iSTkbQjlF5+hc3J8lEhYoV6ACLtXMXyXTq2Wb64vHJ+dvpSM6yisWpXzJpJ1WqbJbxTbTKnEIEdWPut+naDxMAQEkIp1FFxtLw2SQaKv+f7TvkA6olisJCwv7vRzEicHD3fp3YNFdI1FWI/AS9G56ySnmBgV+M9u7VVrSNgkbpP3pr4p3q1AgMGsOmqQrbO9qy5Lexty7yJjAHvk+ghM+5GK8QxsQHrZ9Jy6e1Irc37vPh5Qrhftuq3EIz0Gw0TR9h78LEawW0l6/QVns1NfH/ff5kQ/yKoz+lCrHSzMRPnDOyZUfPjYnBrNc4E0/H8QNH+tDRUr1GrpyJr2hakX2WrDx1PXsMmPqcG+KXW1a14L6Is+bmFpXpQK2RZwMW5PJp51WxslSfU4g4ei2VOvO/zx/rNFgAAEUgqEYVGdsyQkh8du7foNzYtmsL//EDFP+8LnNB6GfcPwy5QqKuQqujFpQvX17lrI8khQQapc/orYmvULFCWMIKNh2xdy07v9ZzYBeVBD55K4N8c8cP2tBgoXn2C2bicSZeHKC9PIa22qupid93KiH20GaBVpqZeDoqMjExod3AfuHKmfjark7TF42niblfTi3ZxKvPmX0hjt6lv4rC8Uzmnlnzt9dOrZikvA50AEBzHr76942KmrcW0MQrCv9psu9UvK5DBgCgiqAaVWQcvpJCxWDqgrHK+mtZxYIpmHIhGTnFb8Anfdg0V0jUVWhHdii9q3JzW0kKCTRKn9FbE+9Qw35W8GQ2/faaWJsqNDF80kc0p/Jso6YNea9V41O/ZB68nCSoiVfgmnhRgPbyG1ppr0Ym/sHj+6Fxy0/e2ivQGjMTTxP1m7hx95pkJp7GuYWl+cbE4EM/Jvv49WjQ1F1RjIkvck4Kmujcpz3t0R6+3vaOtvPXTlcUioi7R1128Qx9HTsGoHenLRyX//M+modWQ6Br4lnQN4buXkYdW4aBAwD4G6E1qrgYM3NobVenfd/tommSoH7+PV0b1GFWgArJsImDCu5l515KbNjMPXjbfPYRrpCoq1D+nUz6VLe+HQ98n0DT7JTh8i1za7s5F/dIGmiUDNFbE//RqL6tvb0OX02haN+9FRViamQXKsxZPZUGCFXnIz/toXbyVTRM6OP0FvutIe5OY6BAe3kPrbRXIxOfcCQy6d0NOIUIzsRvTV/z5Y6FrJE7Ez9h1gg65HJ0qvbZsolk0wODxhR3Jl59TmqkJbfr1vL9ds1WRwZ5vFePiQ7tNtIRWgjtdcea1dhF83NWTalQsQLZd7+xvkKfiaegLqWOLdvwAQC8RWiNKi6oeFA9qGJl2cSroV01G3IwmWdj2VtUEkhkXOrVone9e7U9fiOdtXOFpEgV2nUonMoGqZC1nRUJGrWQ6anf2NWpTo1NyStF3jpolH6iPyaesreSeSUWW9LW5P6QRNXWyqYKRatOnuwUu6KwttIMtvbWVNajD2zcvm+dnYMtZfjAEX1otsaeDRS4T7zBAu0VIjTX3tJN/KOn/0vHBKd+KeL/UKIFHdaznyFTnzK/rsOcORfjTUxMdh3cxLXQrs15pzJcC3fbUaGDupQ6lrq3zIMIAFkjuUbl/7wv/tgW7mK8v7XoSgqVGVIhcjZcY+6lRKoc3C3PilQhReF1gCo/1ic/VOTFANAoGaInJr64oMxXGQtvx8idTOUHANHQYPOw0/MirBWe2CoE0F6BQnPtLd3EHz2XFaNkfA0ufIf16j+8Nx3ls/+VSL4+ykFHFEfPZvExlACQLwahUVRphk0c1HNA53bdWkq+MtAog0bPTbzeRpHXRRR3sQRMvCZAe4ULDbW3dBMfkbHuoNLRjMFFcv72lRFfzF4ZKP4/REoNOjSMyFjPx1ACQL4YhEYdu55GQrRu1xLxT+pAo4wMmHgRAiZeE6C9woWG2luKiX/655P1sUsL7op9Xb9MgjqWupc6macBBYDsgEZBo+QGTLwIARNfKtBeQUND7S3FxJ+9XqByzx0EvxGZuf7c9QL+hhUA8gIaBY2SGzDxIgRMfKlAe4UOTbS3FBOfrUhJztvO+5rl/7wv6WTE4Sv/+C3ClAVj449tkbzXRA7qXupk/oYVAPJCII1CcJGSH5ldkCz1fgb/j0Am/tQvmXtOR6Z/vdOwrjoQKGDiS0VC7d2WEcLj/QPJkS7ZNMvHr4fKzeMlD020txQTH5e7jbtrDy9x/Ea631jfatXtWnXydKlXq3nrJsnvbk6kfH9+5eDuClTG6DvkA9+hvbiXk+aN6j+8t+Q7ibqXOpm/YQWAvOBdo4qL6s4O3FMsWEyc+ympE7sTrhEHNErf4N3EH7ueNnTCQLtqNi3av+fVrpmdg+2wiYOkyjflW0hLGDDxpSKO9jo6VVu+Za5K4+fLJ5KHLMtilW9pump7kEfz+juyQ7emr/l4VN/Bo/tJnn4sNNHeUkz81tQQfm+5OOCTPi07NOeWGRg0hvYQq4vFmfici/GnfsnU/CtmLg3o4tNevV0/TfzRn1K3pK7hb1gBIC9416jigpl49kRAFu4edU3NTI3exEOj9A3eTXw//57NWjbKvZTIXp6+m6V8O0gRQrlqU7lXv/Gf+AETXyriaC+PJt6zTZOl4bPZNB24cjemHDiiz/BJH7Hpo9dSlW9DKW1oor2lmPiNCcE8Pohr75mY8uXLR2WHci0kFm+ff7t8oqLQxC8M/ax991ZVrCy79e3I9SO1sye65d3eO+jTD61sq7o2qLMzJ4y9m/71zg49Wle1rmJrbz1n1RQqqNZ2VuYWlWu7Oa+N+YfSlWDiR07xo9WwsbdeHRnEWugbm7duYlnVgpSFrUlyXoRbQ5cNcctruzpxDwAre1D3UifzN6wAkBf8alQJQSa+h693p55t2MuY3I2tvb24Z9KRMrTp/D5pCDWyywKZYkQf2NjYs4GzS81V2//WFvU52czkoqxsqvgM7t65d7sVW+cVp3htu7agd1t29Ow5oLMIWw2N0kP4NfF7v40pV67ctowQ9beovLbp8j5VZJd6tVhOlpDYlJkh0YsoLakWDxnXnzXqULXZ8tmc+T/vI3dVrbqdvaOt31jfk7cySlgBfgMmvlTE0V7OxFMykNumXPJoXn/AJ304E1+cW1PJkLGfDTM1M6VEojTLv5NJx43MuE9bOM6yigVpL7WzCJg9ki152VdznOrUsKtmM33xeNbCPkWOkbJX6A1XaKa9pZj49bFLtToLXnKEJawgE88exsRF5z7tmZkms07jfHXUApqNLPXcL6eyGbjLaeavnU6CknspccaSCR26t1IUHgPUb+zq1a5Z3NGvcn9IooMEkozRM/xJTbIvxJ24maH8RcWZeNrT9HW072kJB75PYO/SF01fNJ5aaIIOLRSF/+OjlacSviM7VP1JFjoHdS91Mn/DCgB5wa9GlRBk4ldGfFHRtCJ7Ns3QgIFB62dyJn5L2pqt6WtIc8jE0FucYni2bbp5z+rAL0aTuLHlqM9JQaac1ImWTDNTOWHqp654TCeprlBZIokTYauhUXoIvyaeCi731HPlKLiXXb+Jm++wXjkX44O3za9kXolqZQmJTZlJfmvO6qlUIsktsQNUHaq28uU0ZKfcPerS91IjWbdPp/qVsAL8Bkx8qYijvZyJnx8yvUFT98QT2+ggkFw7Z+KLc2sqGXLkpz31GrnOXhnIlJO7nIa8X/d+nQaP8aV2CjKKNE3ttECS4tjD4ZTJZNnZ/xzoU6T5IwIH02oIveEKzbS3FBPPr1gsDZ9dqbKZyl6nLiMfryiUAO5Yn/qIupVNcyaeDDQdDyXnb4/KDqUjJ1oOHdnTu+Epq5QXSPvMu1db9W8vzsTvOriJ5OnLHQu5t2hvmVtUpp1H38We6MbSwsTERIh/80EsANAZ0e7UQSaebAf5D/Il7F+I5Lk5E8/FrODJZFAU7wpJqmIHTSedjCClUnkQIDfn4aspFSpWYI/+VhT+z5f9Zktd8ZhOkk8SZ5O56DmgSzmgN9Du4HHnUl2meqfeTtaZvivtXVpSrvqN9S0hsSkzpy0cx2Ymt7Rk06wic7jUqq1s4ul4NTBoDDde7B1tNRlZvATqcqmIo72ciSdPyCUYdzlNcW6tyAzxeK8edzmN8jXxPn49Rk7xY9Nvr4kvNPGUwK29vWixFE28GpKZZp9q2bFM1+LznoeinonflhFCvblz/wblRjr+9h8/QPHPa+IXhH7GHV6Xe2fiaVdRYyPPBiyo5q2OWkC7SuWMe3Em3ndYrz4fd+NeTpz76cARfdg0qQP5eNphe8/E0EvaalMzU+6L2L+tBfq1Dc5yAVAWxDwTTyZ+4pyRJOIbE4OZyHAmPv7YloEjfTp0b0X2hTPxnGJQOSn37mSn+pwb4pdbVrXgvogz8eqKpyj+t0PCBTRK3+DXPG1JW0PJqXKzOAoqr8ppOWRc/86925WQ2MqZ6dG8PjPxOlRt5eXTwW1Ywgo2HbF3LXNjxa0AvwETXyoin4knseWSgTPxpbo15QzRysT3HfKBnYMtt+Qv1s1Q+ZQIwcOZeH6veSKZoCE9dcFYruXotVQ6Ome/FVOWAOrQAZ/87bA5E//26vl/3gBoR3Yovatyp9LiTPyYmUOV/+82NGDg2M+GcS/3X4wnE9/D15st1sTEROVn1wKZeFxvCkBZEPOaeDLxyfnbSRzadm3BVIsz8bVdnaYvenvd5Nwvp5Zs4tXnzL4QR++yf/KevptF5p6ZeHXFU0hh4qFR+ga/Jj73UqJZJdP5IdNV2rfvW0dpyf3zuV23luy0l1YmXoeqrbx8hxr2s4Ins+m3V6/ZVClhBfgNmPhSEfmaePJvlAOskTPxpbo1FRPP0lKhgYn/ZNJHnm2bqqyMyCaeh2vief/1MTlpqmH7vtulKDzI6Offk3YMuystScCwiYMK7mWTpjRs5s79eJQz8aOmDXH3qJvxTTRNH7+eRnsl/04mfapb344Hvk+g6axzb39QT/u7tpszLUflq9mVf0w7aE764NpdS2iaFsguhZ+5NIDpCC2qbv3afmN9j99Ip5fsEliBTDzu/ABAWRDz7jRk4mmifhM37l6TzMSTlFlYmm9MDCatoHrQoKm7ophCUuScFDTRuU978kA9fL3tHW3nr51epOIppDDx0Ch9g/fLGKjy2tpbR+xdy15SfQzdvezkrQzyT3TAScU08cQ2y6oW6worplYmXoeqrbz8j0b1be3tdfhqCkX77q183l0sAROvD4h8dxqyZG9/X/FDUuzhcJd6tZiJL9WtKWdIF5/2lJCsvVQTH31gIx0ebIhfrij8fQj7JaTIJp6Hu9Pwfh9QqmHUiVWsLJt4NbSrZkPjk1s+DWzqSto39C6ZabZLFEomniSAZqB9Q77fsWY19s/lXYfCafBTTbW2s5owa4Si8Bqp+o1dnerU2JS8UuXbad/Q0ujjFSqY+AzuziRjxdZ59I1uDV3oU9ydc+KPbaGX1E6HHO0Lf44jkInHPZgBKAti3ieemfit6Wu4n9BwZ+JJfMwtKlO9+WzZRLLpgUFjiisk6nNSIy25XbeW77drtjoy6O3/fDfPKU7xxDfx0Ch9g3cTT5k5InCwqZmpU+3qVILpkJL9tHpbRgilfc1ajpUqm42ZOZTNrJWJ16FqKy+fHBuNCyubKhRk2vYX/lsAJl5PEPk+8eTKaJp2PeXn2M+GcT9sLdmtKWcIHZrSwSoJrEIDE68o/OcPHbtSWjrUsJ+zaopCdBPPw33ihXtiK/W7yj1eDl9JIYtPfU3jlmvMvZRIO0P5tp1k7tV/XZp9IU7lpy002ot87Bx9Ke1g7oa4LMjNF/mL1QPfJ3DHEgIFnoYIQFnQnye2krawW2+RIynZVZQwJwmRiYnJroObSlY8MQMapW8I9INCysmkkxEHLyeptGef361yTzlto6xV+0oKj3eE0zBg4ktFfO0tzqopNHZrlHIq9q/Ub8w6t1uqZxjz8MTWs9cLVK5dEy3I5Q+bOKjngM50IC7JCogTkZnrz10v4G9YASAvJNQoHsN3WK/+w3uPnuHPrjSQfH2gUTqQl5e3bZvqabP79+/PnTuX3y8S7Y5Mcg6Y+FIxDu3V59BEe0sx8U//fLI+dmnBXdXry0WIY9fTVkZ8sW7XEqmOgUQI6ljqXupk/oYVAPJCQo3iMZLzt5PczV4ZqH4RIDRKZxo2bJiRkSHa14WFhfXo0UOl8cKFC2ZmZvx+EUy8CAETXyrGob16GxpqbykmnojIWK/Vfx8Qmgd1LHUvTwMKAJkCjYJGFcnDhw///PNP0b4OJt6YAiZeE6C9woWG2lu6iT96LitG6QJNBI+x6+Cmo2ez+BhKAMgXaBQ0qkh69+59+PBhmrhz587AgQPt7OxcXFz++OMPldmWLFmybNkyNh0SEjJv3jw2PXfu3Lp16zo4OKSmprKW+Ph4Nze36tWrr1u3jrW8ePEiICDA3t6+ZcuWEyZMKM7E02o0bdqUPrh+/duqHBsb269fP26ecePGpaWlab5dMPEiBEy8JkB7hQsNtbd0E//o6f+G7l526hdBrmnJPBs7ad4oH78e3M2t5BPUpdSx1L18DCUA5As0ChpVJNzlNGTHAwMDX716de3aNfqrMtvkyZOnTp3KpufMmTN69GiaOHPmDDn4J0+ePHz48Ndff/2r8Lw+HQacP3/+0qVLtra2jx8/psaIiAgvL6/Lly/funWrY8eORZp4ExMTf3//b775hhw8Tf/222/37t2rUKHClStXaIYHDx5YWVn95z//0Xy7YOJFCJh4TRBUe+Ucmmtv6SaeSDgSmZQXocN6cPcGKi4+6N952MRBO7JDk/P14v4SYgZ1KXVsmQcRAAAaBY0qAs7Ez58/v0WLFuTgi5ytSBN/9uxZCwuL9PR0brbY2NgPPvjgaiFt2rTJzs6mRj8/v5CQEDZDcZfTmJqavnjxgr10c3NLSkqiCVrUokWLaIKc/fDhw7XaLph4EQImXkN01l5ECaG59mpk4h88vh8at1yHR3OVWiCrWlfZ8e7W7DpE+tc7Tc1MVW5TJclCtA3qTOpS6tiyDR8AwFugUdAodTgT/+jRI39//4oVKy5cuPDly5cqsxVp4onw8HDy8eS279y5Qy+pvUaNGq3eERn5tsTa29vn5uay+TW5Jr5Pnz6LF791h9HR0Q0aNKCJ5s2bHzp0SKvtgokXIWDiNURn7UUUF1ppr0Ymnth3KiH20GZtV4UrkDOXBgyf9NHnyydWd3Zo1cmTPfGBJsqVK1ejlmP3fp3oZduuLVZsndeyo2fPAZ3p5fj/+aRhM3c7B1vfYb24x6+OnOJXs5ajjb316sggReFjDmkJtd2cPx7Vl/sWmofqLltCwOyR7IPTFo77dOrfN/NfG7O4XiPXyuaVnGpXTy2IUllIkZ9Kzotwa+iyIW55bVcn9ijZZV/NcapTw66azfTF43XYSdSZ1KVlGDgAgH8AjYJGqaByd5q8vDwHB4eUlBSV2cjEBwYGsumAgADOxBP//ve/ycQPGTKEpmfNmuXt7a3y2caNG0dFRbFpTUy8u7v7wYMHaeLx48d0hBAREeHi4vLmzRuttgsmXoSAidcc3bQXUVxopb2amvj/Pn+yIX7F0Z9StVoVrkCOnuFPtcRncPfYw+Et2r837vPhisLf3ppVMg1LWMGe7lTH3ZlKzqrtQdkX4ujl0vDZVL1yLsZb21mxZyJGH9hI1fHotVSa/8D3CdSyc/8Gqm17z8QcvvL3E3GtbKuOCByceGKbovCJzdyTt6ix75APFIW3nzcxMaEieujH5D2nI49fT1NZSJGf2n1kc/ny5Tv1bLMjO/Tw1RRaASubKrQttDQqxto+eZi6kTqTulTXIQMAUAUaBY1SgTPx5KTZbWo6dOgQGxurMltISAi585cvX9JbZKyZib99+za7FD40NLR///5/FV4lX6FChQMHDtA02e5Hjx7RxLRp03r16vXw4cPz5897eHgUd008HT/QdEFBgbm5+bNnz9hbQ4cOpa9buHChttsFEy9CwMRrjm7aiygytNVeTU08cfBMemSmdjf2Vy6QTVt4sDu+B8we6d2rLZuhUmUzKntsmgrknNVT1RdCBXVW8GRF4W91K5lX4h54rnj3QF3uv8z0LS07enLvFlnqaMLG3po7baa+kOIKJAkx96iwJZtmtfb2Ss7fTtHEq+H62KVadQt1I3WmToMFAFAs0CholDKciR8xYoS9vX3jxo19fHy4y9M5yK/Xr1/f0tJy8ODBM2fOZCY+MTHRxsamadOmzZs3VygUbM6oqChra2s3NzdnZ+evvvqKWi5dulS7dm0zMzMvLy+y40WaeFoO+XVaVOXKlcPDw7m3srKy6Ljrxo0b2m4XTLwIAROvFTpoL6LI0FZ7tTDxb/56E5OzOfZQuOZro1wgew3qyhoDg8YUVyDX7FzEfXbF1nk9fL079GhtbWf1P4UFkoIqJdVIKk57z8QoiiqQ3Lcoiil1PQd24b6dhYYFsqJpRe4j1GjnYNvIswGLL9bN0LxPqAN3HdhMnan9MAEAlAQ0ChpVHM+ePWPnzotD/f4wb968efDggXrjvXv3Xr9+XfJsHK9evWJL/v33358/f678VlJSUteuXTVcf2Vg4kUImHit0EF7Eeqhg/ZqYeKJZy/+2JK6JvX0Dg1XSOcCGZO70aySacqpSEXhZalcgaTYfzGeCiTVToUGBZJdQkoxcEQfVuqGT/qourOD8kqqF0j1T6kUyE8mfeTZtqkOeyj1dNTWtBDqRi0HCABAI6BR0ChDoW3btjExMTp8ECZehICJ1xZttRehErppr3Ymnnjw6P7GhOCs83GarJPOBXLdriX2jrYnbmbEH9tS29Vp8vxR1JjxTTS7zHTm0gC2hGPX06iO7np38KdSIKctHEdlLP9O5pJNsyqZV2KlbmdOGJXDOaunnvol89CPyUd+2qOykCI/pVIgaZ1NTEw2xC+n6YJ72Yevpmi0hwp2UNdRB2rb5wAAzYFGQaP0nxcvXqSlpT19+lSHz8LEixAw8TqglfYilENn7dXaxBNX712k/M46t7vU1dK5QOb/vK9pC48qVpYezeuPmu5vbWdFs63YOo9a3Bq61G/sGvXupm9DAwZa2Val5SvUCiQVVCqulc0rde/XaeiEgazUUcxZNYUqn629NX2QfbvyQor8lEqBpAhaP9OyqoVTnRoONexpgaV2Rfb53dRpdx4WfaNiAACPQKOgUUYMTLwIAROvG5prL4KLsmivLiaeoC9bF7MkReCnn7A7QigK7xHBJgruZXO/3OLi0I/JJ25mFLcQdj8Hlci/k0m9VsJCivyUStDKUKayX8KVHCmnIukY6+r973XrbQCAtkCjoFHGCky8CAETrzPiaK/RRBm1V0cTT/z6+H5E+troAxsL7mYLvZGGG9Q5O3PCqKN+NeRnpgBgiECjoFFGCUy8CAETXxagvZoEL9qru4knnr96lnAkYmt6yCENzgnJMKhbqHPij0RQR5WlnwEAugGNgkYZHzDxIgRMfBmB9pYcfGlvmUz8X4X3FTp2PmtjQvCO/WFHr6VJ3i96EtQV1CHULdQ5RnanNgAMC2gUNMrIgIkXIWDiyw60t8jgV3vLauIZz14+zT2TtiF+eeyh8LzbeyXvIwmDNp86gbqCOoS6hZfuBQCUEWgUNMpogIkXIWDi+QLay4UQ2suPiWc8evZw76m4DXHLIjPXZ34Xy93VWA5BG0ubTBtOm0+dQF3BY8cCAHgBGgWNMgJg4kUImHh+gfYKpL18mnjGH38+Lrh8JCYnfH3s0q9Sv0w4vjXjm+jcS4knbmbk396nyX0S9DwK7mbThtDm0EbRptEG0mbSxtIm04bT5vPepQAAHoFGSb0HQJmAiRchYOKFANrLe5fyb+I5Xr7+88dfzueeyUg+GhW5L3RT0qoNccvX7lpCY0N/oueALtp+ZG3MEtoQ2hzaKNo02kDaTNpY4XoSACAEgmqUDtrCV0CjjBvJ66ZMQur9bMwYhD/UIcTXXgFNvEFQrpzcewAAIATQFgAAAIIi9zKDQgsAEAJoCwAAAEGRe5lBoQUACAG0BQAAgKDIvcyg0AIAhADaAgAAQFDkXmZQaAEAQgBtAQAAIChyLzMotAAAIYC2AAAAEBS5lxkUWgCAEEBbAAAACIrcywwKLQBACKAtAAAABEXuZQaFFgAgBNAWAAAAgiL3MoNCCwAQAmgLAAAAQZF7mUGhBQAIAbQFAACAoMi9zKDQAgCEANoCAABAUOReZlBoAQBCAG0BAAAgKHIvMyi0AAAhgLYAAAAQFLmXGRRaAIAQQFsAAAAIitzLDAotAEAIoC0AAAAERe5lBoUWACAE0BYAAACCIvcyg0IrOSHRixEihNT7WXZAWwAAAAiK3MsMCq3kkL9U3N+PEDRg4sUH2gIAAEBQ5F5mUGglByYeJt4ogbYAAAAQFLmXGRRayYGJh4k3SqAtAAAABEXuZQaFVnJg4mHijRJoCwAAAEGRe5lBoZUcmHiYeKME2gIAAEBQ5F5mUGglByZetyi4l61hI0y8JEBbAAAACIrcywwKreTAxOsQp+9mfejXY9znw5Ub6SU10lsw8foAtAUAAICgyL3MoNBKjvgm3tGp2vItcyU34mV08JS69Jc79U4TXKO6j4eJFx9oCwAAAEGRe5lBoZUcfTPx6V/vNDUzzf95nxBf7dmmydLw2Xw5eBWzXsJbMPHiA20BAAAgKHIvMyi0kiOhiZ+5NGD4pI8+Xz6xurNDq06eZN+psUFTd8qK2m7OH4/qSy/zbu8d9OmHVrZVXRvU2ZkTxpbQtmuLFVvntezo2XNA5+S8CLeGLtEHNjb2bODsUnPV9iA2j/oHx342jA4P7B1taeH5dzL5dfAlzwATLz7QFgAAAIIi9zKDQis5Epr40TP87arZ+AzuHns4vEX799gl5jv3b6Cs2Hsm5vCVFHo5f+30Nl3ez72UOGPJhA7dW7El1HF3dqpTg/x69oW43Uc2ly9f3rNt0817Vgd+MZosO5tH/YNHftpTr5Hr7JWB9KkyOvh93+2iAwOKrHO72bs0wVroLXUfDxMvPtAWAAAAgiL3MoNCKznSmvimLTyY0w2YPdK7V1uaSFXsoKzgLqfp1LPN9MXjk/O3R2WHWlaxOPVLJjPxc1ZPZTMwE0+foumkkxHcZ4v8oMd79XS+nCZo/UxaOB085N/JpOONcoVwv21VbqEZaDaapo/AxEsFtAUAAICgyL3MoNBKjrQmvtegrqwxMGhMkSbe3KKya4M6jTwbsGCX3JCJX7NzEWfiK5pWZNPss3m39xb3wbKYeJyJNyygLQAAAARF7mUGhVZy9NzE16zl+PmKSSpL0MTEF/lBMvFLNs3Sec1xTbwBAW0BAAAgKHIvMyi0kqNvJv7Y9TSzSqa7DoWz9lHThrh71M34Jpqmj19PYwZdExNf5Ae7+LSn9rKsPO5OYyhAWwAAAAiK3MsMCq3k6JuJpxgaMNDKtiq9y/y3j18PsumuDeo41qym+eU0RX4wdPcyW3trj/fq8eXjcZ94vQXaAgAAQFDkXmbKly8v9SrIHf18YuuhH5NP3MzgXh6/kZ5zMV6H5ah/MP/nfbmXEsu4enhiq/4DbQEAACAoMPEotBKjnyZe/4M7B19qI0y8JEBbAAAACIrcTbyFhcWtW7ekXgtZAxMvQsDEiwypCmmL1GsBAADAmJG7iWe1Fj5eQmDiYeKNDKgKAAAAEZC7if8L//WWGph4mHjjA6oCAABAaORu4nHOTHIEMvGnfsncczoy/eudRf7QU24BEy8mUBUAAAAiIHcTTxw/ftze3p7+Sr0iMoV3E3/setrQCQPtqtm0aP+eV7tmdg62wyYOkso9K9+AEiZeDkBPAAAAiANM/FtQdyWEdxPfz79ns5aNuNs4nr6blX1+t5iOeebSgC4+7dn0qV8ydbs3JUy8IQIlAQAAIBow8X+D6isV/Jr4vd/GlCtXbltGiPpb6V/vbNPl/SpWli71aq3YOo81JudFuDV0iT6wsbFnA2eXmqu2B7H2tl1bhEQv6jmgs6299ZBx/Vlj3u29gz790Mq2qmuDOjtzwrjFdujRuqp1FZpzzqop2zPXWdtZmVtUru3mvDZmMVs+mzP/533DJ31UrbqdvaOt31jfk7cySlgBmHiDAxoCAABATGDi/x92JStZQFzPKib8mviwhBXcM1OVo+Bedv0mbr7DeuVcjA/eNr+SeSXyzYrCy13Kly/v2bbp5j2rA78YTe6czV/H3dnRqdqc1VN3ZIeampnGH9tCjfPXTqfDgNxLiTOWTOjQvZWi8DR//cauXu2axR39KveHpL1nYuirR8/wp2OA7AtxJ25mKF9OEzB7pLtHXfpeavRoXv/TqX4lrABMvKEA3QAAACAJMPFFwFVlclflgMD0HNCFR7e6NHy2uUVl9XayzvRdaV/vZC/JdvuN9eU8dKpiB00nnYygefJ/3sdM/LSF49jM9Rq5Ltk0iyY69WwzffH45PztUdmhllUsTv2SuTMnjD4SnrJK+bvIi3v3asumlU28U50agUFj2PSs4Mn2jrYlrAC/QZ0s6U42Tpg+wLsDAACQBJh4IDH8nonfkraGfNXhKykq7aujFlhWteBeDhnXv3Pvdiomm5x0uXdn8cnEr9m5iLV7NK/PTDwdHrg2qNPIswGL9K930mLJyZ24maGJia9QsUJYwgo2HbF3bblCv17cCvAbOBMPAAAAGBkw8UBi+DXxuZcSzSqZzg+ZrtK+fd868sfcb0zbdWs5cEQfbU18zVqOn6+YpLzYHdmh9JHIrPWamHiHGvazgiez6aD1M61sqpSwAjDxAAAAACgBmHggMbzfnWbYxEG29tYRe9eyl1nndofuXnbyVoajU7Xpi8YX3MtOPLHNsqrFul1LtDXxo6YNcfeom/FNNE0fv55Gc+bfyaQ5u/XteOD7BJqm76K3lm+ZW9vNmb5IZfkfjerb2tvr8NUUivbdW/n49YCJBwAAAIBuwMQDieHdxJMJHhE42NTM1Kl2dZd6tRo0dZ/75VRq35YRUt3ZoWYtx0qVzcbMHKpQO1Neqokn407Om+Z3bVDHsWa19MIr7HcdCifLXtm8krWd1YRZI6jlyE976jd2dapTY1PySuXl5/6Q1K5bSyubKhStOnnuL/y3AEw8AAAAAHQAJh5IjEBPbM2/k5l0MuLg5SSV9uzzu+mtsiz5+I109Vu/Z1+IU/lBKnn0Ih8We/jK2zPxQmwyTDwAAAAgH2DiQdHk5eVt27ZNpfH+/ftz587l94sEMvEIQzHxomUaAAAAYEzAxBsMDRs2zMjIEO3rwsLCevToodJ44cIFMzMzfr8IJl7fTLyxZhoAAABgTMDEGwwPHz78888/Rfs6mHhjCq1MvLFmGgAAAGBMwMQbDL179z58+DBN3LlzZ+DAgXZ2di4uLn/88YfKbEuWLFm2bBmbDgkJmTdvHpueO3du3bp1HRwcUlNTWUt8fLybm1v16tXXrVvHWl68eBEQEGBvb9+yZcsJEyYUZ61oNZo2bUofXL9+PTXGxsb269ePm2fcuHFpaWmabxdMvL6ZeGPNNAAAAMCYgIk3GLiLHMgkBQYGvnr16tq1a/RXZbbJkydPnTqVTc+ZM2f06NE0cebMGfJVT548efjw4a+//vpX4dlWMmfnz5+/dOmSra3t48ePqTEiIsLLy+vy5cu3bt3q2LFjkdbKxMTE39//m2++IV9F07/99tu9e/cqVKhw5coVmuHBgwdWVlb/+c9/NN8umHh9M/HGmmkAAACAMQETbzBw1mr+/PktWrQgX1XkbEVaq7Nnz1pYWKSnp3OzxcbGfvDBB1cLadOmTXZ2NjX6+fmFhISwGYq7yMHU1PTFixfspZubW1JSEk3QohYtWkQT5LeGDx+u1XbBxOutiTeyTAMAAACMCZh4g4GzVo8ePfL3969YseLChQtfvnypMluR1ooIDw8nd0Ue6M6dO/SS2mvUqNHqHZGRkdRob2+fm5vL5tfkSuU+ffosXvzWHUZHRzdo0IAmmjdvfujQIa22CyZeb028kWUaAAAAYEzAxBsMKvcMycvLc3BwSElJUZmNrFVgYCCbDggI4KwV8e9//5us1ZAhQ2h61qxZ3t7eKp9t3LhxVFQUm9bEWrm7ux88eJAmHj9+TL4tIiLCxcXlzZs3Wm0XTLzemniG0WQaAAAAYEzAxBsMnLUif8NuHtKhQ4fY2FiV2UJCQsgzvXz5kt4iu8Os1e3bt9kFyqGhof379/+r8NrlChUqHDhwgKbJDD169Igmpk2b1qtXr4cPH54/f97Dw6O4K5XJ1dF0QUGBubn5s2fP2FtDhw6lr1u4cKG22wUTr7cm3sgyDQAAADAmYOINBs5ajRgxwt7evnHjxj4+PtxFwxzkourXr29paTl48OCZM2cya5WYmGhjY9O0adPmzZsrFAo2Z1RUlLW1tZubm7Oz81dffUUtly5dql27tpmZmZeXF5mkIq0VLYdcFC2qcuXK4eHh3FtZWVnly5e/ceOGttsFE6+3Jt7IMg0AAAAwJmDiDZJnz56xM5rFoX7Xjjdv3jx48EC98d69e69fvy55No5Xr16xJf/+++/Pnz9XfispKalr164arr8yMPH6ZuKVMaZMAwAAAIwJmHjAD23bto2JidHhgzDx+mzi9RCdMw0AAAAwJmDiAQ+8ePEiLS3t6dOnOnwWJh4mXnPKkmkAAACAMQETDyQGJh4mHgAAAADaAhMPJAYmHiYeAAAAANoCEw8kBiYeJh4AAAAA2gITDyQGJh4mHgAAAADaAhMPJAYmHiYeAAAAANoCEw8kBiYeJh4AAAAA2gITDyQGJh4mHgAAAADaAhMPJAYmHiYeAAAAANoCEw8khvwlQoSQej8DAAAAgE9g4gEAAAAAADAwYOIBAAAAAAAwMGDiAQAAAAAAMDBg4gEAAAAAADAwYOIBAAAAAAAwMGDiAQAAAAAAMDBg4gEAAAAAADAwYOIBAAAAAAAwMGDiAQAAAAAAMDBg4gEAAAAAADAwYOIBAAAAAAAwMP4PtvMM8B5sCnsAAAAASUVORK5CYII=){width="535"
height="251"}

A *managed object* is a uniquely identified object that is connected by
a proximity network to a system that manages it and is connected to the
Internet.

The managed object is operated by a person or enterprise that is the
*managed object operator*. The system that manages it is operated by a
person or enterprise that is the *object manager operator*. These two
entities are often the same. If they are not, then there is generally a
business relation between them covering management of the object.

The *local connection* is a connection over a proximity network that
does not form part of the Internet. Its media can be, for example:

-   A dedicated device inter-connection network such as a vehicle
    Controller Area Network (CAN)

-   Radio, in particular for NFC and RFID

-   Optical; for example, for barcodes.

The connection can be permanent (as in a CAN) or transient (as with
NFC).

The system that manages the object includes a program, the *object
manager*, that reads from or gives instructions to the object, and in
some cases may be able to adjust or configure it. This program is
supported by the *object manager platform* which enables it to use the
capabilities of the object manager infrastructure. These include
connectivity to the local connection and to the Internet.

The *manager interface* is exposed by the object manager to enable
remote systems to interact with it and with the objects that it manages.
This interface can be a web service API, using HTTP over the Internet
protocols, or can be some other kind of interface that uses the Internet
protocols, such as a set of defined IP messages.

The *managed object user* is a program that interacts with the object
manager and the objects that it manages. The person or enterprise that
operates it is the managed object user operator. There is generally some
kind of business relationship between the managed object user operator
and the object manager operator that covers the use of the manager and
managed objects. (This includes the trivial business relationship where
the two entities are the same.)

The managed object user is supported by the managed object user platform
and managed object user infrastructure. The managed object user
infrastructure provides access to the Internet for interaction with the
manager and managed objects.

If the manager interface is a web service API then the model is an
extension of the Web Service Model, with the managed object user
operator, managed object user, managed object user platform, managed
object user infrastructure, object manager operator, object manager,
object manager platform, and object manager infrastructure as,
respectively, the web service provider, web service, web service
platform, web service infrastructure, web service consumer, web service
consumer program, web service consumer platform, and web service
consumer infrastructure of that model.

The system that manages the object can be a mobile device, with the
manager interface a web service API. In this case, this model is also an
extension of the Mobile Connected Device Model, with the object manager
operator, object manager, object manager platform, object manager
infrastructure, managed object operator, and managed object as,
respectively, the mobile user, mobile app, mobile device platform,
mobile device infrastructure, connected device operator, and connected
device of that model.

Big Data
========

The term big data refers to data that is so large that it is difficult
to work with using IT systems available today. There is a growing body
of analysis, visualization, and distributed processing software that
enables people to extract useful information from such data.

A *big data application* obtains data from one or more sources and
analyzes it.

Data sources can include:

-   Corporate data in SQL databases

-   Data in SQL or NoSQL databases that are cloud services

-   Data provided by social networks

-   Data provided by sensors or object identifiers in the Internet
    of Things.

An item of data generally has an owner. The operator of the big data
application has a business relationship with the owner that covers use
of the data.

The application may include visualization functionality to enable
effective presentation of the results of its analysis to users.

The application may be a web service that makes the results of its
analysis available to other applications or apps through APIs.

Performance and quality of service of the application are crucial.
Achieving them is a key challenge for big data analysis.

To be able to process large amounts of data, and to achieve performance
and quality of service, the application may use the platform to marshal
and configure underlying processing, storage, and network resources.

Objects in the Internet of Things can be generators of data; the
Internet Object Model and the Managed Object Model are big data models
as well as being Internet of Things models. There are two other basic
models for big data: the Database Source Model, and the Data API Source
Model.

Internet Object Model for Big Data
----------------------------------

When an Internet object generates data and exposes it through its object
interface, the Internet object user may process large volumes of data,
and be a big data application. The Internet object operator is often the
data owner.

A large volume of data may be generated by a single object, or a single
Internet object user may interface to a large number of Internet objects
that together generate a large aggregate volume of data.

Managed Object Model for Big Data
---------------------------------

Similarly, when a managed object generates data and the object manager
exposes it through its manager interface, the managed object user may
process large volumes of data, and be a big data application. The
managed object operator or the object manager operator is often the data
owner.

A large volume of data may be generated by a single object, or by
multiple objects managed by a single object manager, or a single managed
object user may interface to a large number of object managers that
together generate a large aggregate volume of data.

Database Source Model
---------------------

The database source model applies when the big data application accesses
data in a database via a programmatic interface, such as the Open
Database Connectivity (ODBC) interface. This model is shown in the
[figure below (Figure 19)](#fig_database_source).

<span id="fig_database_source" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339794152"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 19: The Database Source
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="510"
height="276"}

The *database user program* is a big data application. The *database
source* is the database that holds the data, plus the data that it
holds.

The *database source operator* is the person or enterprise that operates
the database.

The *database user program operator* is the person or enterprise that
operates the database user program. This program may have users, such as
data scientists, that use the program to process and analyze the data.
Alternatively (or in addition), the database user program may expose the
data, possibly in processed form, to other programs, acting as a data
API source in the Data API Source Model.

A *data owner* is a person or enterprise that owns some of the data.
There are generally business relationships between the data owner, the
database source operator, and the database user program operator,
covering storage and use of the data.

The *database platform* supports the database user program and the
database source, and provides the capabilities by which the database
user program accesses the data. The underlying database infrastructure
includes the media on which the data is stored.

The media on which the data is stored may be directly attached to the
processor on which the database user program runs, or may be attached to
another processor that is connected by a network. In this case, the
database infrastructure includes both processors and the network, and
the database platform manages the data transfer between the processors.

Data API Source Model
---------------------

The data API source model applies when the big data application accesses
data that is exposed by another application via an API. This model is
shown in the [next figure (Figure 20)](#fig_data_api_source).

<span id="fig_data_api_source" class="anchor"><span id="_Ref339794863"
class="anchor"></span></span>Figure 20: The Data API Source
Model![](data:image/png;base64,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){width="526"
height="360"}

The *data API user program* is a big data application. The *data API
source* is an application program that exposes the data via an API, the
*Data API*.

The *data API source operator* is the person or enterprise that operates
the data API source.

The *data API user program operator* is the person or enterprise that
operates the data API user program. This program may have users, such as
data scientists, that use the program to process and analyze the data.
Alternatively (or in addition), the data API user program may expose the
data, possibly in processed form, to other programs, acting as a data
API source.

A data owner is a person or enterprise that owns some of the data. There
are generally business relationships between the data owner, the data
API source operator, and the data API user program operator, covering
storage and use of the data.

A common application of this model is one in which the data API source
is a social web service, as in the Social Web Service use of the web
service model. In this case, the data API source operator and the data
owner are the social web service operator, the data API is the web
service API, the data API user program operator is the social web
service user, and the data API user program is the social web service
application.

The data API source platform and data API source infrastructure support
the data API source. The data API user platform and data API user
infrastructure support the data API user program, and enable it to use
the data API to access the data.

Index

TBA. Open Group Standards and Guides should include an index.

You should aim to build an index that is concise and useful; i.e., a few
well-chosen pointers are more useful than index entries for every
instance of a term.

To set a marker for an index entry, <span id="pgfId-1010646"
class="anchor"></span>highlight the text to appear in the index, <span
id="pgfId-1010647" class="anchor"></span>select References/Mark Entry,
enter data as appropriate and check Mark.

The Index is generated when printing the document. To manually update
it, Right-Click on the Index list and select Update Field.

sample index entry 14
